If you read my $AAL comment prior to Q1 report, I pointed out a few things: AAL would have better Q1 result than DAL and UAL. Following the report, AAL' share price rose 2.86% first, and then the event of dumping of shares begun. In such events, the share price would usually be pulled up (on average 8%) prior to dumping based on the trend in the past.However, as I mentioned prior to Q1, the buy side has shown weakness lately. Also, the short interest volume dropped a lot in 2021. So, the shorts could short the stock without much fear. After all, the short squeeze that took over the market in February is no longer of an issue lately either.(link: https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/AAL/community?p=AAL&messageId=05066367-fc6c-41c5-abea-ce576c21dc96&bcmt=1)What is waiting for $AAL longs is that, the share price may go a little further down but aggressive shorting is not out of question either so don't rush into buying AAL shares. I have a long position in AAL but holding half as much as my usual core position, which I mentioned here a couple of weeks ago.We should've a positive outlook about the next two quarters. The cash flow won't be an issue for AAL. However, I've seen some wrong steps taken by Palmer and his team in the last two years since I started trading AAL shares, which will be the major obstacle for the share price not to do well in the future.At this point, we may witness some volatility and speculative moves until things calm down, give or take two weeks (less in trading days).  The shorts have the upper hand unless some new investors come in help the little longs out. IMHO, even if they do, the share price will go up temporarily and then it’ll come down as soon as new buyers complete their transactions. Again, I give myself the advice that there is no need to rush if I want to create or increase my long position.However, any positivity on macro economic numbers, particularly increase in travel spending and PAX, removal of travel restrictions, reduced COVID cases domestically and globally will have positive impact on share price.  Paying attention to anything that has impact on the fundamentals  is more important than the daily speculative  moves regarding AAL’ share price(I said that the growth in PAX has shown signs of slowing down over a month ago. That's what we have been observing now. It's been approximately at 60%  compare to 2019).

AAL booking is now at 80% pre-covidLevel.

i think the $30 will be reached within a month

Imagine we are in stormy weather condition and then the weatherman tell us the storm takes few weaks to move on and wait a while and the condition will improve.  So conder the current airlines situation as not so desirable but the traveling condition is improving on daily basis.  So AAL will come around and do business as used to be.

This will hit 52 weeks record high within 2 weeks my words Ladies and gentlemen’s

$30 soon

No pull back for the airlines anytime soon. Airline traffic is on an upward trend. Only the price of oil is a threat right now. But with the rest of the world still locking down, less oil consumption in the near term. Risk on with airlines.

As long as people can prove that he/she has been vaccinated (if not, tested negative) to airlines, he/she should be allowed to travel. It's been more than a year of pandemic, if the virus cannot be vanished right away, there got to be a system in place for people to resume their normal life while slowly lower the infection rate. People won't be locked at home forever, country can't afford the close the border forever, so as long as there's a plan and execute it carefully, then airline industry will survive and rebound strongly.

Big volume on the share, It is prety obvious for an experience investor that the funds are trying to squeeze the share in order to get it cheaper... We shoud expect reaction soon

American airlines will beat earnings tomorrow and climb to $30 by midsummer

Shares of American Airlines Group Inc. climbed 1.2% in premarket trading Friday, after analyst Savanthi Syth at Raymond James said she was no longer bearish on the air carrier, as the recent selloff has provided to a more-balanced risk-reward profile. Syth raised her rating to market perform, after being at underperform since November.

Gentlemen’s AAL will hit 52 weeks high within 2 weeks as well all indexes will reach to new levels mark my words

$25 seems to be a reasonable bottom by the end of May.

SAVE to issue up to $600m convertible (#2 of such kind), and Secondary #2, Stock Down AH!

It will be sweet if we can push for some short squeeze. No way this is in red today while all the airlines in green.

Congrats to those who bought AAL when UAL dropped on earnings. Nice profit! Plus these prices are an easy 2 bagger in 12 months.

that is seriously funny to imply something like that when we are in the mid of getting out of this pandemic. Also, the company has been around for very long time and obviously through out its existence market have had its ups and downs. people travel no matter what and its gonna pick up.

Don’t trip. UAL had earnings the other day and dropped 8-10% in the day so this is alright. In a year things will only improve if you’re willing to hold. It’s gonna be a roller coaster ride. Don’t drop the stock with butter fingers

bottom line this 1st qtr loss is narrowed thean before

Short interest settling 4/15/2021 will be published Today.During the period 4/1-4/15, AAL went from $23.90 on 3/31 to $22.13 on 4/15, with daily average volume of 30.8m shares. People love to guess if the Short Interest will be Up or Down, when price movement and daily volume were low may do so. There is NO conspiracy theory, None!

