I will not sell one share of Apple stock. Apple is on the verge of producing with new technology ￼a cheaper EV battery that also can hold a charge twice as long as a standard battery on the market.Also designing a new battery for their iPhone which will also hold a charge twice as long ￼this will generate tremendous revenue in their service department. Apple will be the gold standard for batteries in the EV and iPhone market. This will happen way before they produce Apple car.￼Not one share I will sell.

Tomorrow could be HUGE! A lot depends on how much Apple raises dividend and buybacks. Big dividend and buyback raises mean we hit $140+

I don’t understand this. Apple is a great company & have great products. Why is the stock only $134 when I see other companies that stock prices are way higher & isn’t making money like Apple. Don’t flame me I’m still learning about the stock market. I really want to know.

This stock will drift up to 138 before earnings, then over 143 after hours before crossing 150 by Friday.   It is time.  That is all.

Steve grasso just said look for apple to trade higher to 145 then ramp up to 180.

Clear and simple: At 4:00 PM Closing today AAPL will be on the positive side.

Apple thinks you should have a choice over how your data is used because it’s the right thing for users. Facebook, on the other hand, is worried that if you have a choice, you'll choose not to let it track you, which would be bad for Facebook. The social media giant literally doesn't want you to have a choice because it's more concerned about what's good for Facebook than what's good for users.

Since the split, we’ve been 8 months at 134. At prior split, 6/1/2014, AAPL was at 23, and 8 months later, still at 26. That’s the point that it broke out, reaching 32 by May. History will repeat!

For all u with the patience of a 5 year old and can’t look past 5 minutes.....we ramped up hard last earnings and then sold off....now.....incredibly flat....hmmm

Wanted to take a moment to wish the longs good luck tomorrow. As for me, I'm staying put. I'm not selling any shares. I don't care if it rises 20% or if it drops 20% after hours. These shares are not for sale ladies and gentlemen! In fact, I plan to load up after hours as much as I can. Long Apple. If some want to sell fine by me this is a stock for patient investors.

A lot of investors complain that Apple and Cook have lost their innovative touch.its been a long time since they came out with the iphone which was a game changer.Apple didn’t invent the smart phone but they made it a must have for every consumer.now the smart phone is the most popular consumer device in the world.in many 3rd world countries,people dont own a tv or fridge but they have a smart phone.Apple has,every year,added to the products available that complement their lines of phones and computers.as the world consumers keep their phones longer before upgrading,Apple has added services,add on products like accessories,chargers,magsafe,airtags,cases,pencil etc.look at airtags from last week announcement.40$ cdn for 1 or 140 for 4.most iphone owners will buy one or more in next year especially at xmas.1.6 billion users.thats 40 billion maybe added to yearly revenue for the next few years.subscription podcasts may add billions more.Apple innovates constantly,coming out with products that compliment their products.apple car maybe the next,which they can fill with apple products and services.more exciting to me is the battery line.this may revolutionize ev charge times and distance between charges.the m1 chip is the leader in speed and power usage and as a bonus more profitable as its made in house,and uses Apple patented technology.these chips add directly to bottom line.saving an estimated 50 dollars per unit.apple cell chip coming soon also will save battery power,estimates have the phone  battery lasting twice as long compared to todays battery apple uses.just that fact will drive more users to appleThis is an exciting time for Apple investors.

High eps estimate is $1.09 all indications Apple comes in even higher say 1.15 that brings the trailing PE down to 38 at a price of 160. Right in line with big tech and also consumer staple. Next Q should be even stronger

AAPL can go up 4-5 dollars tomorrow to catch up with MSFT, WS is underestimating AAPL big big time. the guidance will be great as stores open up and new revolutionary products were announced. AirTags already sold out. Check it out

16,786,963,316 SHARES OUTSTANDING FOR APPLE59.77% HELD BY 4874 DIFFERENT INSTITUTIONS .08% HELD BY INSIDERS.67.77 pretty much locked down!23% is basically the float.Float = 3,861,001,562.68 shares worth $518,880,000,008 if they do 50 billion dollar buyback that is 10% of the existing float today. God forbid if they do 100 billion dollar buyback that is 20% of the float. That is a very meaningful buyback especially if coupled with another increase to the dividend. Math says that the shorts are going to be in very big trouble tomorrow!!!

Agreed....read between the lines....would Apple make such dramatic US tech investment statements two days before earnings if they were not going to be anything but blowout?.....

Were you informed that Apple Inc. could report second-quarter fiscal 2021 results on Apr 28? Well, Apple followers might also get hooked by these upcoming updates: https://ashleywolfe-78500.medium.com/psychedelics-as-a-new-approach-in-mental-health-treatment-d4dd972738a0 These other companies seem to have focused on global branding IP partnership and functional mushroom e-commerce. Amazed by this sponsored post? Check the disclaimer on the landing page.

THIS IS NOT TESLA, FAKING EARNINGS WITH BITCOIN SALESTHIS IS NOT MSFT AT ALL TIME HIGHS AND THINGS WERE BAKED INAAPL IPHONE 12 HAS NO COMPETITION, STORES ARE OPEN, AAPL PAY AND APPS INCOME BOOMING AND NEW REVOLUTIONARY PRODUCTS.  ANY, ANY GOOD NEWS AND AAPL WILL JUMP 10 DOLLARS POST OP. AAPL WILL BE TRADING AT 148 ON THURSDAY

Since April 12th, there have been five prints of $135 as an intra day high and $131+ as an intra day low.Why?That has been where the money has been! I was tracking the action on Friday. The algorithim return was anywhere from 100 to 700%.Why?On Friday the premium is practically zero.On Most Mondays after a run of $3+ on Friday there is consolidation...a pullback for the algorithim players to reload.

Apple India market share is growing every quarter.  Huge opportunity there.  BUY!

Anyone brave enough to hold AAPL call options until after earnings tomorrow?

