Told you to read between the lines in Trey's Podcast!  Aron set up the Hedge Funds for a huge loss!  He tempted them with the 500 million shares of dilution, so they shorted AMC even more.  Now, that is totally off the table... WE APES SPOKE!!!   The BOD realizes they stand to make a huge windfall by exercising the 43 million shares during the squeeze.  I think the door is about to close on the HF's and squeeze is really close and AMC's management knows it!  I firmly believe the BOD and Aron discussed this at length with their financial advisors on Wall Street and know exactly what they are doing.  If the HF's are on the hook for a few hundred million or more IOU/Fake/Synthetic shares.... the handwriting is clear!  APES... You will see a lot of FUD over the remainder of this week.  Buy and Hold... Don't lose focus.  AMC is gonna be debt free in a few weeks or a month or two.

On April 27, 2021, the Board determined not to seek stockholder approval of the proposal to approve an amendment to the Company’s Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (“Certificate of Incorporation”) to increase the total number of shares of Class A Common Stock (par value $0.01 per share) the Company shall have the authority to issue by 500,000,000 shares to a total of 1,024,173,073 shares of Class A Common Stock (“Proposal 1”), and has withdrawn Proposal 1 from the agenda for the Annual Meeting. All other proposals presented in the Proxy Statement remain on the agenda for the Annual Meeting.Upon review and careful consideration with further discussions with management and its advisors, the Board has determined to withdraw Proposal 1 from stockholder consideration for the upcoming Annual Meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board reserves the right to propose an amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation to increase the authorized shares or for other items at any point in the future. Any information contained in the Proxy Statement regarding Proposal 1 should be disregarded.

Lets put the 43 million share question to rest. These shares have been available the whole time we have been buying and holding. These brokerage houses cannot issue shares as they see fit. the company, AMC, has to approve the release and the sale of the shares before anything gets sold. AA is not going to dump 43 million into the market in a short time frame, Just like the last time the issued shares for cash flow the market will hardly notice when the shares are sold in smaller bundles while prices are rising. Do not fall victim to FUD being spread. The 43 million are not new information, the big news is that the 500 million increase is off the table for this shareholder meeting and is no longer a cause of any distress for shareholders.

AMC "On April 27, 2021, the Board determined not to seek stockholder approval of the proposal to approve an amendment to the Company’s Third Amendedand Restated Certificate of Incorporation (“Certificate of Incorporation”) to increase the total number of shares of Class A Common Stock (par value $0.01 pershare) the Company shall have the authority to issue by 500,000,000 shares to a total of 1,024,173,073 shares of Class A Common Stock (“Proposal 1”), and haswithdrawn Proposal 1 from the agenda for the Annual Meeting. All other proposals presented in the Proxy Statement remain on the agenda for the AnnualMeeting."

Latest news, shills level 3 have switched over to the 43 million shares now, which as we know AMC could use anytime and as stated by the Ceo, What's wrong with amc setting themselves up to take a bit when this squeezes, there more than enough considering the amount of synthetic shares out there. This is an agreement to sell only on instructions by the company and only when the company decides. THERE IS NO CHANGE HERE EXCEPT THE COMPANY THINKING WERE GETTING CLOSER TO A SQUEEZE. Remember level 3 shills try to manipulate the data and news, hence the new 43 story, probably see it in motley tomorrow as well. Just love the mind games.

They have more money, more information, more quants, they can buy/sell pre-market and after-market. They can write derivatives. They write Puts, Calls, and create naked shorts. They can move shares on dark pools. They can see all of our trades (pfof). They can scalp sentiments and spread rumors. Their data centers are closer to the exchange and their orders are faster. They have access to IPOs. They have lobbyists and bent politicians. They can have propagandists on TV yell and lecture us or warn about risky investments.All of that, and they still lost.credit to Redditor That_Guy_Reddits, https://www.reddit.com/r/amcstock/comments/mztjip/xpost_from_gme_and_superstonks_weve_got_em_guys/

Okay, Now.. That was a very important news that we all have been waiting for. I will simplify it as factual information for some of new hodlers to know.- 500million share dilution is off the table as of now. FYI, this was the only distraction that could stop the momentum.- New weapon that HFs is trying to use is 43million shares that AMC already has. Fellow AMC hodlers, this is never a new information. In the recent interview about 500million share dilution with CEO AA and Trey, AA mentioned that if he had to use or wanted to make some cash during the whole pandemic period, he would have done it already with 43million shares authorized in many years ago.- Even if AMC decide to use 43million shares, he mentioned that he will not drop everything at once. Just like the previous times, they will use wisely in certain amount of time while it is not hurting the share price and stock holders.- And guys, 43million shares? Will it actually matter for the historical even we have been waiting for? It would be a drop in a bucket compare to all the shares HFs have to cover in a way.So  fellow holders, there is no need to worry. Hold and buy some more if you are available. We are getting closer and closer.

Per FintelAMC short squeeze point: 92.64 out of 100, increased from 87.79 yesterday.

This is good news..No dilution..."May not even use the 43 million shares" and that's old news...Understand that the short likes to SIMULATE selling for unfounded reasons BY SHORTING..As I said the 43 mill shares were ALWAYS available and that is VERY OLD NEWS..The new news is no 500 million share dilution..Expect the short to twist this great news...We own and control the float and the short has ZERO chance..The stock went past 12 today with 500 million share dilution...What do you think the stock does now WITHOUT 500 Million dilution..?Its great news..We go higher..

With the 500 million off the table it should be a buy fest tomorrow. Will use the 25k I have left in my TD TFSA to clean up on AMC shares tomorrow then sit and wait. Just wanted to know dilution was off the table. Buy and hold.

This was the tweet from Adam Aron:"It is important for company management teams to listen to their shareholders.  Many of you are not ready as of yet for a 500 million share authorization increase, so we have tabled the idea for now.  There will be no vote on this matter on May 4th"  Excellent News!  I sent him a thank you.

Listen people, Adam Arron did not want a share count, he understood that financial institutions and market makers would report false information.1 share = 1 vote...Obviously he just wanted people to vote so he could count how many shares there actually were floating around. If there were more than 450m votes then he knows there are synthetic shares in the mix... nuff said. master move on his part! Adam Arron, you have my confidence in leading this fight!

💥💥💥 AMC’s shares have gotten a boost from Reddit-fueled investors this year, sending the stock up 441% this year. But issuing 500 million shares would more than double the stock outstanding, diluting current investors’ interest.“Many of our stockholders are telling us to wait,” Aron said on Tuesday. “It is important to listen to these owners of our company, and that’s exactly what we are going to do.”

True story,  my 8yo son sees me watching AMC stock updates on youtube and  and I explained the AMC stock charts to him. He asked me to use his savings (birthday presents from him grandparents) to buy him 10 shares of AMC.  He’s ecstatic to have shares in AMC,  LOL  He understands what AMC is and looking forward to movies again. It’s amazing an 8yo understands but HF can’t understand we’re HODL.

🧨🧨! Awesome ! The news we got today is exactly what I thought and hoped would happen! Registering to sell the current 43 million shares at AMC'S leisure and taking the 500 million share increase if the table. This is finominal! Remember that members of the AMC board are share holders to. These shares will be sold only if AMC needs the money. Remember it is in their wealth interest also for the stock price to rise. If you don't think this is good news, then you can sell your shares to me. I will continue to BUY & HOLD AMC! 💥💥💥🦍🚀🌕

AMC pulled proposal #1, no authorization for 500 million shares, hedgie has no way out now, game over. We just have to wait for Hedgie to get margin called and we are rich!

Adam, what a chess move, baited the hedges to double, triple down, thinking a dilution may be in play in the future and they just need to hold the price, then boom, no extra shares, they are fooked.

GME came close to $500Why wouldn’t AMC do the sameIt seems there’s more support and dedication by us shareholdersand more new ones(like myself)Getting on board with this movement towards financial freedom and all that goes with it

FitAMC will become debt free!43 million shares will be sold to the listed financial institutions!This will not effect the spDo you really think AA will let 43 million shares go at $11 ReallyThese financial institutions need shares in the tune of hundreds of millionsI said this in feb Scroll through my post He struck a deal He will unload when amc is prime to be out of debit He knows this will go to the moonIt would be interesting to know if these companies shorted amc

Additional shares are off the table. 14A filed today says they will no longer seek to increase the authorized shares. THIS IS GREAT NEWS !

