FORD INVESTS WISELY !One step at a time until it is clear there is a market to take advantage of. CNBC: Ford announced plans Tuesday to invest $185 million into a new battery lab as a step toward manufacturing its own battery cells for electric vehicles.The funds will go toward constructing Ford Ion Park, a 200,000-square-foot production "pilot facility" that's expected to open by the end of next year in metro Detroit.Ford's new facility will not be a full battery cell production facility like Tesla has or General Motors has announced as part of recent $4.6 billion investments in the U.S.

Another important company you can invest in is Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F). With a market cap of close to $ 50 billion, Ford shares are trading around $ 12 around April 26. However, this does not occur over a long period of time. It started to rise Ford is preparing to gain value in the coming months. Deutsche Bank pointed to Ford's "solid" business model based on favorable vehicle mix / pricing. The bank said that Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) is expected to publish its upbeat Q1 results.

What American car company:is over 100 years old;provides thousands of jobs to Americans; is integral to the US economy;has slashed debt;has upgraded & improved an already popular product line;has invested heavily in the future by positioning itself to be a leader in the EV space;Is announcing earnings tomorrow ?!?(Hint: This Car Industry leader Beat Ferrari in the 1966 Le Mans 24 hr. race)"Who is"............ (In a David Faber voice)

"Ford wants to make its own electric vehicle batteries, plans to open production site by end of 2022"Innovative progression specifically geared toward the future of automotive manufacturing will make Ford dominant.

Signs point to the usual leak of earnings info as all those numbers have been crunched and speeches are being prepared for the call. must be good news :)

Ford will be head-to-head with Tesla on EV soon. Has its own battery & Google to provide automation, it will be very interesting to see if Tesla can keep its growth.

Ford invests in Companies like Rivian and Argo.  Tesla trades Bitcoin.

FORD: GuruFocus published Takeaway : As one of the oldest and largest vehicle manufacturers in the world, Ford is aggressively pursuing growth opportunities in the electric vehicle industry in a bid to revive earnings growth. Although this strategy is both time and capital-intensive, the company seems to be on track to report stellar growth in the coming years because of the favorable outlook for the EV industry. Among all the legacy car manufacturers, Ford seems to be the only company to have formulated a winning strategy to turn the macroeconomic trends in their favor.Ford stock is trading at a forward earnings multiple of 12 in comparison to the sector average of 20.5, which suggests the company is relatively undervalued. Value investors with an extensive investment time horizon are likely to find Ford very attractively priced today.

Ford may be 42% undervalued at a share price of $12.20.Ford is an impt. company for our country. I appreciate the importance of an intl. economy. I personally think it contributes to world peace and access to a global economy which in turn can mean greater long term growth potential, earnings, revenue, etc. for American companies. I do not say this to say foreign companies are bad, but I would like to see key American companies do well so life here is good at home. EV is certainly a big part of the auto industry's future. Our auto industries need to be robust, forward thinking, and healthy for a strong Amer. economy. So in part, it gives me personal satisfaction to buy Ford while I am trying to earn a buck in the mkts. for my family. Best to all this Week !Ford = JobsU.S. Ford Plants (Jobs):Buffalo Stamping, Buffalo NYChicago Assembly, Chicago ILChicago Stamping, Chicago ILCleveland Engine #1, Brook Park OHDearborn Stamping, Dearborn MIDearborn Enginge, Dearborn MIDearborn Truck, Dearborne, MIFlat Rock Assembly Plant, Flat Rock MIFord Renaissance Global Logistics, Detroit MIKansas City Assembly, Claycomo MOKentucky Truck Assembly, Louisville KYLima Engine, Lima OHLivonia Transmission, Livonia MILouisville Assembly Plant, Louisville KYMichigan Assembly Plant, Wayne MINew Model Programs Development Center, Allen Park MIOhio Assembly, Avon Lake OHRawsonville Parts, Ypsilanti MIRomeo Engine, Romeo MISharonville Transmission, Sharonville OHSterling Axle, Sterling Heights MIVan Dyke Transmission Plant, Sterling Heights MIWayne Stamping & Assembly, Wayne MIWoodhaven Forging, Woodhaven MIWoodhaven Stamping, Woodhaven MI

Is earnings before the bell,after the bell or anytime during the day?

What should now be evident, based on new EVs like the Mach e and Volkswagen ID.4, is that any legacy automaker can manufacture a compelling electric vehicle.  What we also know, based on JD power initial quality survey results is that Tesla manufactures the lowest quality EVs.

Earnings are expected to be strong.Karen Finerman, of Fast Money has a $15 target of F!

Right where it should be to hit 15 by mid summer and 20 EOY.

Full moon tonight.Boom tomorrow.

Per the latest Motor Trend, Ford's "base" Mustang Mach-E was just barely topped out by Tesla's Model Y.  The Ford was deemed better in interior and handling.  We all know how good the safety rating is as it's received the top IHS safety pick. The Tesla was better in the acceleration department which gave it the overall, but slim victory.  It will be interesting to see the same comparison when you include the higher end Mach-E GT due out in a few months. I'm looking forward to upcoming Bronco vs Jeep comparisons.

It's a green day again .. Are we surprised? No. Because it will revolutionize the Ford EV. In 2023, the agreement with Google will be activated. Rivian IPO in September. This share will be $ 20. All all give a target price of $ 16.

It turned out Tesla gets $2200 regulatory credit for each car it sells. Also, Tesla sold these credit to GM, Fiat, Ford VW and Toyota.

I'll take +5 cents a day until the end of the year.

Should be over $13.50 tomorrow open thanks to strong financials

If you are in ford please take a moment to read comment & thumb up if you agree. Ford has a very lucrative future. why I think we can see ford in the $20 range mid September.The chip shortage will be over soon we all know that. Sales will be through the roof in USA China & around the world.Ford is putting billions into EV. electric vehicles account for only 2.2% of the global vehicle market and is only growing faster every year. Just think when it is 10% and ford has a big chuck of the market.Ford, Volvo EVs Get Top Safety Pick as IIHS Declares EVs Safe Overall with almost a perfect score.We also have Analyst Firms Making Recommendations of price around #13-$16Based on analysts offering 12 month price targets for F in the last 3 months. The average price target is $13.79 with a high estimate of $16 and a low estimate of $11. Labeling it a Strong BuyB OF A GLBL RESDEUTSCHE BK SECEDWARD JONESJEFFERIES & CO.JP MORGAN SECURMORGAN STANLEYBased on analysts offering 12 month price targets for F in the last 3 months. The average price target is $13.79 with a high estimate of $16 and a low estimate of $11.Ford has great partners!Ford and Google are partnering to launch Team Upshift, a six-year partnership intended to advance vehicle innovation and data-driven opportunities.Ford Partners With Nio On Charging As Chinese Auto Giant Geely Eyes EV DealGovernment working US to build more charging stationsRecharged: How the U.S. is trying to make up lost ground on electric vehiclesBiden Administration Advances Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure

