When I first saw the share price dip after earnings this morning, I honestly did not know if we were about to go into an extended selloff.  Lol, especially when it went under $13, but I reminded myself (hoping) it will recover.All in all, I am very encouraged by what happened today.  The trend (according to some CNBC analyst) this year is that there is a bit of a sell of after earnings if you don't post gargantuan numbers.  By everything I have read, GE's numbers were mixed.Globally, we still have some work to do to see the kind of reopening we all want.  We need to get the proper aid to India (its the right thing to do) (sorry it can't be all about the money), and we will see travel at the beginning of the summer explode across Europe, internationally, & of course here at home.  Once travel booms,  IMO the orders will roll in & GE Aviation will gain altitude that will yield an SP bounce into the 2nd, 3rd, & 4 qtrs. & beyond.What will the reopen look like?  Well we already see signs of it if you go outside and see folks moving about your city.  Let's look back to post WWI, post Spanish Flu, & granted post prohibition: what followed ?The roaring 20's !!Now granted comparing the 1920's to the 2020's is not an apples to apples comparison but there are comparable trends & circumstances that may give us some guidance as to what is about to happen.  BTW, if you get rich in these 20's, save your money for the 30's !The volume today was 148 million plus.  A clear sign investors & traders are paying close attention to GE.  Volume alone is not a sign of a turnaround but w/GE I do think it is a bullish signal.All things being considered, after today, I am more convinced GE was a smart investment.  GE's turnaround could not happen quickly.  Baby steps........... Soon GE will be walk'in.  Later this year IMO, GE will be runn'in !!Take care.

GE Facts check:       1. profited $.03, better than expected.       2. revenue $17.1 billion. Lower than expected. Revenue is a kind disappointing. Except renewable energy having higher revenue than last year. All other business such as aviation, health care, power and capital all having lower revenue. No sure why healthcare have also disappointing results.    3. Cash flow: negative $860 million which better than last year. The outflow was mainly from aviation.     4. Outlook for 2021: profit $.15 to $.25 and cash flow to be positive between $2.5 to $4.5 billion. If aviation will recover better than expected, the earnings and cash flow will be at the high end side.      5. Discontinue to use Facting accounting next quarter.GE is still in very early stage of recovery. What  the management did was to make the company leaner and thinner and straightening accounting report. They did it.  Can they grow the company? Nobody can answer the question. But one thing is clear and sure: GE is the market leader in each of its business sectors. Their business were affected by COVID-19. It will return to normal in near future. This will be sure thing. As the ceo said: “It is not if, it is when.”Some investors are thinking GE will increase dividend and buy back stock. Don’t expect They will do this until 2023 when GE is fully recovered. Remember they just cut the cost and still have negative cash flow. There are a lot debt to be paid. As the management said, the debt will be cut to $40 billion by the year end of 2021.￼With knowing these facts, it is important to set our expectation and don’t over hype as a shareholder or trader.  Be patient and try to accumulate more shares when bears pushed it down such as this morning; i.e., lower the cost.

From the trading pattern today, we can see bears and bulls are  fighting very hard. It is good to see the bears was not able to breakdown the $13. Thus, GE’s technical bullish pattern is still intact. GE will trade between $13 and $13.5 near future. Be patient.

Fundamentally, GE will do very well toward end of year and continue to next with highly possible of dividend hikes.  Go GE.

If people were pricing GE on manifest fundamentals, the price would be lower. $13+ represents very high confidence that GE will recover to fundamentals deserving $13 and unwillingness to miss out by attempting to time that recovery. Further price appreciation will be slow because any good results just bring fundamentals more in line with current pricing.

Don't Worry... Be Happy! 😊Sellers today are GE traders...once they leave we are left with GE longs (todays Buyers)...this builds the base for the next rise in GE price...just sit back and enjoy.GLTA GE Investors.And remember: Baggies= GE Shorts! 😘

Earnings beat, lower expenses, Aviation still hasn't picked up, FCF still on track.The U.S. industrial conglomerate reported a cash outflow of $845 million compared with an outflow of $2.2 billion last year. Analysts surveyed by Refinitiv, on average, expected a cash outflow of $1.3 billion.The first quarter tends to be GE's slowest period of the year. However, improved earnings at all its industrial businesses except aviation and better working capital helped slow the cash burn.Free-cash flow is closely watched by investors as a sign of the health of GE's operations and ability to pay down debt.

What a finish!!! looking at today's chart just tells it all.  Great day for GE longs...just can't keep GE down anymore.Congratulations to all GE longs that held their shares today!😎

GE may be trading at discount at its current share price.I am not against foreign companies but I certainly appreciate American companies that have the potential to impact our lives here at home in a good way.IMO we need a more diversified, efficient power grid that incorporates renewable energy such as WIND & SOLAR. This is GE, a world leader in renewable energy that combines wind, blades, hydro, storage, utility-scale solar, and grid solutions as well as hybrid renewable energy and digital services offerings.Not only do I think GE is a viable monetary investment but GE is an investment in our collective future that will help secure our energy needs for our grandchildren.The world is hyper competitive and we need to solidify our place in the energy ecosystem. GE is ready for that challenge. We have to be forward thinking.Also, GE puts people to work w/over 200 thousand jobs worldwide in 170 countries. GE partners with thousands of other American businesses. In short, the cumulative positive effect of a company like GE on the American economy is enormous.I am behind GE because I think it is deserving and in the midst of an exciting turnaround story due to reduced debt, a more streamlined business model, & strong management.Hopefully, GE's earnings news is indicative of good things to come long term, and GE shareholders can make be rewarded.Best to all.

Just when you bought the DIP it claws itself back.... HAHAHAHHHAHHA... Oh you can't keep a Good stock down GEEE.... no GE!

Why the fighting, either buy or sell your choice, but I would Buy Buy Buy GE....!!!

Aviation was down considerably dur to Pandemic...however. look at the trend in Aviation...people r starting to come back to flying, travel to Europe is now being allowed, companies r seeing the value of face to face meetings n total people flying per day is increasing at an.alarming rate since mid March!! This is an opportunity to purchase shares at a discount because people aren't smart enough to do their Homework...I just did it for u so take advantage! Just my opinion!

More than 150k call option and 100k put options outstanding bid at $13, $13.5 and $14. People who bought $13 and $13.5 call this morning has double and triple their money, but $13.5 call option could expire worthless if you don’t cash out soon since the time value will decrease to 0 in three days. The bears who bought $12.5 and $13 put will loss all. There will be no chance to gain back unless the market crashed. $14 call will expire worthless unless a big good news lifts the price.Good luck to all.

General Electric (GE) – GE reported quarterly profit of 3 cents per share, compared to the 1 cent a share consensus estimate. Revenue came in short of expectations, but free cash flow was better than analysts had been anticipating 💵💵💵💵💵💵🚀

I sold everything b/c of the albatros reverse split hanging over the stock (they completely ruined the investment with that). Good luck to all who stick it thru. I'll be buying in again after the RS Cloud disappears. I guess that'll be the next "bottom-feeder" price.... and that's my game.  Can't risk it 'til then.

Nothing new here. GE beat on top line. Speculators just looking for any excuse to sell.

The reverse split does not work well for any company.  The 8 for 1 r/s will make the share price at 104.00. 8 x 13 ..it will only benefit Larry culprit and other key officers in GE to receive their huge bonus’s.  I have own lots of reverse splits and it did not end well.   If Larry culprit and the board cancels the R/S we shareholders have a chance.  Look at Citicorp and SunMicro shuck is no longer around the went know where for years.  L. Culp will receive his 240 million bonus, because he got the share price over 100.00 not because the parts of the company are doing fabulous it’s because of the R/S.  Larry Clup is a smart man , but he will drain the company dry.

So farmer has concerns on waiting two years and tying up his money.This becomes a risk vs reward issue.I am willing to wait for my idea of a "sure thing" with really unlimited upside For a person buying stocks just to make quick returns (and quick losses possibly) then buy Tesla or Apple stock where you can see the volume, buy or sell, and in and out quickly.Tesla has moved 25% in a few months and Apple has bounced between $134 and $108 which is a 26 point move.I am investing and reward over two years or even more over four years appeals to me.I can sleep at night and not go bezerk if GE stock dives over some daily news.That is because I see so much unlimited upside in Renewables and the 10 year push for environment that I feel safe.It is just a matter of risk vs reward.

GE AVIATION, OWNS 60% OF WORLD Engine Mkt.. TESLA  Owns 18% of World EV Mkt, even less now that, countless competitors in China, USA, EU, Japan, Korea, are coming out of bushes like hungry Paranas, Hyenas, ie, TOYOTA, VW, HONDA, FORD, GM, JAGUAR, VW, BMW, BENZ, KIA, CCIV, NIO, Many many more.. By the way China has more EVs than USA..""Tesla Is Losing Market Share In Every Major Car Market (NASDAQ...Tesla EV market share from seekingalpha..Mar 5, 2021 — Tesla's weak January showing gave it a meager 3.5% of EV market share, which was only good enough for..""Tesla (TSLA) still holds impressive 18% market share of global EV ...Oct 30, 2020 — Currently, Tesla has about 18% of a global EV market that itself has about 3% fo the.."GE for the LONGEST, FOREVER DOMINATES, Holding 60% of Av Engine Mkt.. TESLA Only came recently, already losing its market share, which was tinny to start with, 18% 2020.. But I am happy for TSLA Owners, profit makers. Just mentioning how severely GE IS UNDERVALUED..PRICELINE $100 BILLION Mkt Value, tinny $6bn Revenue, 80% Dropped rev, profits wipped out..ABNB, GRUB, and countless DOTcoms TINNY Revenue, and DOWN revenue, yet they valued at 10 to 80 times Revenue.. Remember JUNIPERcom, CSCO was supposed to be Huge growth, what happened..That's why I invest in REAL PROVEN COMPANIES.. GE IS NOW A GROWTH STORY, Aviation Alone headed back to $$30 BILLION Revenue, $10 BILLION Profit, RENEWABLE DOMINATING AND GROWING, HEALTHCARE Growing. GE SITTING ON MOUNTAIN OF CASH $$45 BILLION+ $30 BILLION Lease Finance sale+ $30 BILLION Abroad+ $25 BILLION Line of credit..When I make it, I have to thank JPM and open Broker account with JPM. I know JPM T00sa unhappy with me. Iam only a human

Based on technical analysis and RSI, GE is very bullish going into earnings. If overall market holds then X can reach 15 in this cycle if they beat both top and bottom line.

