Up $70k. Down $25k today. No concerns.Remember the events for this week:Tonight: Google EC reiterating Waymo and their focus on autonomous drivingTonight: Microsoft EC reiterating their AR deal and their heightened focus on this industryTomorrow: Ford EC reiterating Lidar and its focus on autonomous driving (hands-free)Tomorrow: Apple EC regarding Apple Car and their heightened focus on Apple GlassesThursday: Facebook EC could talk about continued Oculus focus on AR/VRThursday: the D-Day for MVISAnd we're not even remotely close to LAZR's market cap (~$56pps for MVIS on LIDAR vertical alone. And that's with the -45% industry loss last month we've yet to recover)Did I forget the early earnings call? (1w in advance and within 7w of the last 10-k?)8-K to secure Sumit for 3 more years with insurance clause, hella shares, and change of control clause?And the hidden MSFT royalty fees? Where even 0.3% royalties would make us more profitable than LAZR? And that's only the AR/VR vertical?Any pending strategic partnerships? Waymo/Ford, LG/Magna?And we can go scalable all-out production quicker than everyone else? LinkAnd how well the product is compared to our competitors? Link 1; Link 2And how we're eligible to be considered for the Russell 1000 on May 7th ranking day (additions to be added in June)? LinkThe success of the April LIDAR demo, happy third-party folks who attended, strategic partnerships, any sales of verticals, beginning production on the sample to still beat their competitor's production by a full year, confidence in working on Sample B, and the holy grail of a buyout are all plays and have not changed.STOP QUESTIONING THIS. IT'S ALL THERE.

Beside Lidar product, MVIS has numerous patented technologies in their company portfolio.  The current price value is not in par with other recent SPAC lidar company such as LAZR & VLDR, who do not have any other tech offering beside lidar.  When the market realizes the potential of MVIS's other verticals, the stock price should spike way higher than now.

I am retiring at 1 pm PST ..today.. Been in since $5.30 with 20,000 shares

Cramer was saying last week not to invest in MVIS so I did exact opposite as always. Thank you Cramer :D

Fintel 113.87% Short Borrow Fee rate, Updated 4 minutes ago. Someone is in trouble :)

This could bust higher at any moment based on no shares left to short.

Ive been in this one since last summer at $1.33.   I sold some other stocks this morning at a loss in hopes of this one taking off, i bought in early this morning at 21 and have already covered the losses of the others that i sold.  For once i made a good decision.

After the 60% run up, I expect a pull back. Nothing has change, expecting good news on the 29. A lot of longs has seen mvis up and down fluctuations, for me for the past 8 years. Yes it is stomach grinding feeling everytime, but we hung in because we believe in its technologies. Hang in there, bright future ahead.

Here is the REASON 04:07 PM EDT, 04/26/2021 (MT Newswires) -- Wallstreetbets stocks were on a roll Monday, with several of the investment forum favorites making double-digit percentage gains.MicroVision (MVIS) , which has dominated the Reddit forum for the last few sessions, saw its shares rocket about 47%. The company develops LiDAR systems to help drivers avoid collisions.

thank you but couldn't resist it. sold my 45k shares at $27. my average $9..

For anyone thinking about exiting this stock:- there is STILL 22% Short Volume Ratio! This is still heavily shorted stock. They haven't covered yet!- it's leading company in lidar sector, other companies are however valued even higher than current MVIS valuation (LAZR is valued $8.7B while MVIS only $4B)- there are still news to come which will shoot this baby even higher- BO posibilityThis can literally double in value once again.

Movement is because there is zero shares left to short. Google it (fintel). They have to cover eventually. Simple. It’s not a rumor. It’s a fact

There is no doubt in my mind that we landed on a gold mine. This stock is the talk of the Stock Market!  Helloooo!  Hold and be strong,  and watch what happens Friday morning 9:00 EST.

Good for you guys. I don't hold any shares but I'm glad to see those predatory hedge fund shorters get put in check.

I’m thinking a solid partnership with a company like Tesla, Microsoft, Apple etc. etc. let’s see what happens. The partnership with obviously include a big infusion of capital so that MicroVision can build a few factories for product building !

People are wondering if it’s too late to buy, personally I think it’s not. It took GME a couple weeks before it went from ~$12-$348+. It’s only been a few days for MVIS and it’s still going up, imagine what a couple of weeks could do. Especially with rumors of a buyout, and MVIS selling their lidar technology. This stock is far from its peak

SO happy the price dropped so I could jump in. I would have missed the dance except for the price announcement message that I got on my phone. Only picked up a block to see how the price moved. I am really impressed by how you all collaborate to support your investment.To the tech buffs out there, there is a young AI company out there called Artificial Intelligence Technology Solutions ( $AITX )that is ready to explode. They are also supported by a loyal following, concerned more about the company's future than getting rich quick. Great management and sales team on top of the technology and products. CEO gives regular updates and insights to shareholders to keep them informed. Just started taking major orders and on a solid revenue  growth path, new products announcement within the next few weeks, If $MVIS and &AITX were my only two investments, I wouldn't need anything else. Thanks to you all.

Ladies and Gentlemen, May I present to you the newest member of the board, the wise and prescient Philosopher asdfasdf whose sagacity knows no bounds. Spending his evening pontificating on the perils of investment with a good deal of moral preening and social commentary included. GET LOST SHORTY!

Shoutout to everyone changing their life’s with this stock. To the moon we go

Always a positive sign when short BS is rampant on the board, the yahoo board is the best contra-indicator you can find, we’re golden here.

