Andrew Bodenheimer Director National Accounts for Plug Power posted on LinkedIn:A landmark first for heavy trucks, GAUSSIN GROUP has created a MODULAR hydrogen Class-8 truck platform, powered by reliable and efficient Plug Power. This is so much more than just hype about a powertrain, this road-ready innovation will speed time-to-market for a variety of heavy-duty applications. Combined with Plug Power fuel cells for your forklift fleet and our green hydrogen infrastructure, I can help you develop more efficient, productive and greener operations. Reach out for a conversation!This is confirmation that these are Plug Power fuel cells.

Go to Guassin site, click on the energies section, then the fuel H2 section. Scroll down to the refueling station. It's labeled as Guassin...but it looks like Plug refueling station. And sure enough, zoom in on the pic, the real-time screen says Plug Power!! They don't mention Plug throughout the fuel H2, section. But a picture is worth 1000 words!

PLUG POWER is executing rapidly on their strategic growth plans to Vertically Integrate as a “Green Hydrogen” Company with Liquid “Green Hydrogen” Plants Nationwide along with 3 Gigafactories in New York State, South Korea & France.  This $10 TRILLION “Green Hydrogen” Economy is just getting rolling —> as PLUG POWER will be opening multiple “new” markets during 2021 such as the Data Center Back Up Power and also Commercial Vehicle Transportation — both of which have the potential for “Large Scaling” Growth.  If this were just a “niche product” company in a Non-Energy Sector, then the typical upside may be a “double” over the next 5 to 10 years with growth of 20% annually.  But, folks need to understand PLUG POWER is now growing at 50%+ Annually —> sustained with RECURRING REVENUES from the sale of “Green Hydrogen” Fuel into multiple markets spread out across multiple industries worldwide. PLUG POWER is a “Clean Energy” Company with a sought after ZERO EMISSION fuel called “Green Hydrogen” which ESG Institutional Investors see as the “Fuel of the Future” —> and PLUG POWER is quickly entering into the LARGEST ENERGY MARKETS in the Entire World —> Asia, Europe & the USA.  $PLUG shares definitely have the potential to reach $1,100.00+ over the long term.  This is just “The Beginning” —> Either sit back & watch —> or participate in the “Green Hydrogen” Mega Trend Sweeping across the World! ... GO $PLUG 🚀 💪 👍

This Gaussin skateboard with Plug fuel cells will be a game changer. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFoECtJxVT0

More European expansion of the H2 Economy, this time from Germany and the port city of Hamburg. Reported yesterday in ReNews(dot)Biz, with the headline :" Hamburg hydrogen initiative unveils 100MW electrolyser plan "" Potential offtakers in the German city of Hamburg are partnering with Vattenfall and Shell to deliver an ambitious green hydrogen network that includes plans for 100MW electrolyser.Hamburg Port Authority and other 11 other companies have teamed up with the Hamburg Green Hydrogen Hub, which comprises Shell, Vattenfall, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries and Warme Hamburg, to form a new network.The application submitted by the companies to the EU-wide "Important Projects of Common European Interest" (IPCEI) funding programme spans nine complementary projects all in the vicinity of the Port of Hamburg, linking hydrogen production, distribution and use across a range of applications.As of 2026, the network partners’ projects could reduce carbon dioxide emissions in Hamburg by 170,000 tonnes each year.The other companies forming the network include Airbus, ArcelorMittal, Gasnetz Hamburg, GreenPlug and Hamburger Hafen und Logistik.The nine projects include the Hamburg Green Hydrogen Hub, which plans to jointly produce hydrogen from wind and solar power at the Hamburg-Moorburg power plant site supplying a 100MW electrolyser.In another of the nine planned projects ArcelorMittal’s Hamburg plant will be converted to climate-neutral steel production in four steps by 2030 as part of the H2H project.These include the construction of a hydrogen-powered demonstration plant for the direct reduction of iron ore (H2First) and the technological upgrading of the existing direct reduction plant (H2Ready) to replace the long-term use of natural gas with green hydrogen.In another the Hydrogen Port Applications (HyPA) project, involving the Hamburg Port Authority (HPA), will set up two different priorities as an infrastructure provider and enabler for roads, railways and waterways in the port of Hamburg.“Hydrogen fuel tank infrastructure in the Hamburg harbour area allows emission-free traffic in the heavily used harbour area and is an essential step towards decarbonisation," says Jens Meier, CEO of the Hamburg Port Authority.The Port of Hamburg, with its wide network of potential industrial applications and service partners, offers a unique location-specific advantage to creating a viable hydrogen economy, said the network.In addition, the network should produce a “variety of positive spillover effects” throughout Germany and across Europe.It is already closely linked to other activities among Germany’s northern neighbours. "This  is an example of how it's going to be done, Folks !And PLUG, of course,  now has acquired an electrolyzer company last year, and is building Green H2 production plants here in the U.S.Just FYI.Thanks !:-)JMI

When the Plug Power facility goes online, it's expected that the facility will produce 45 tons of liquid hydrogen per day. Referring to the New York, hydrogen processing facility at the Genesee County STAMP site in the Town of Alabama. And they are getting 520 million in loan guarantees From DOE. Senator Schumer very much a supporter per this old new April 8th. Needed to remind people things are happening in PLUG that will make them a success. Stock will fluctuate ...fast soon. UP.

Warrant confusion.Fellow PLUG'ers, please help me out. 1.  PLUG's 4th quarter report referred to "the accelerated vesting of a customer’s remaining warrants."  We all know the customer to be Amazon.  Does "vesting" mean Amazon was issued stock in exchange for the warrants?  2. PLUG's 8-K at the end of the year reported 20,368,784 shares remained under the Amazon warrants and were vested.   Does this mean that Amazon was issued 20,368,784 shares of PLUG?3. I do not see Amazon as a major share holder listed on the list of institutional holders.  Why not?4. If Amazon was issued 20,368,784 shares of PLUG, could they have sold most or all of those over the past 3 months, representing a significant portion of the headwinds the stock price faced?  5. I thought I also read somewhere that PLUG stated that all warrants are now vested.  Did I misread this?  Doesn't Walmart still have their warrants?  6. I am still unclear as to why the warrants were vested early.  Did PLUG just want to get the non-cash expense over with?  If that were the case, I would have expected PLUG to insist on some kind of lock-up period.  I am long and strong for 5 years now, but my understanding of the warrants is lacking.  Thanks in advance.

Today Elon Musk on his earnings call spent close to an hour talking about the need of energy storage and the challenges around it at residential scale that needs to be solved. The simplicity, efficiency and elegancy of PLUG electrolyzes and hydrogen was not mentioned. I must say talking about energy storage for an hour and not mentioning hydrogen was quite a  magician effort even from him. :)  Especially since hundreds of regional distribution centers (size of a small town each) are already using PLUG's hydrogen energy storage solutions at Walmart, Amazon, Home Depot, etc....GLTA

I am going to post the content from the link Cannon provided below for those reluctant to open links; it's a great story!"The race to decarbonize aviation got a boost this Earth Day with the announcement of a $20.5 million Series A round by Universal Hydrogen, a Los Angeles-based startup aiming to develop hydrogen storage solutions and conversion kits for commercial aircraft.“Hydrogen is the only viable path for aviation to reach Paris Agreement targets and help limit global warming,” said founder and CEO Paul Eremenko in an interview with TechCrunch. “We are going to build an end-to-end hydrogen value chain for aviation by 2025.”The round was led by Playground Global, with an investor syndicate including Fortescue Future Industries, Coatue, Global Founders Capital, Plug Power, Airbus Ventures, Toyota AI Ventures, Sojitz Corporation, JetBlue Technology Ventures and Future Shape.The company’s first product will be lightweight modular capsules to transport “green hydrogen,” produced using renewable power to aircraft equipped with hydrogen fuel cells. The capsules will ultimately be available in different sizes for aircraft ranging from VTOL air taxis to long-distance, single-aisle planes.“We want them to be interchangeable within each class of aircraft, a bit like consumer batteries today,” says Eremenko.To help kickstart the market for its capsules, Universal Hydrogen is developing one such plane itself, a modified 40-60-seat turboprop capable of regional flights of up to 700 miles. The effort is a collaboration with seed investor Plug Power, which will supply the hydrogen and fuel cells, and magniX, which develops motors for electric aircraft.Eremenko hopes to have the plane flying paying passengers in a larger, 50-plus seater aircraft by 2025 and ultimately to produce kits for regional airlines to retrofit their own aircraft.“We want to have a couple of years of service to de-risk hydrogen certification and passenger acceptance before Boeing and Airbus decide on the airplanes they are going to build in the early 2030s,” says Eremenko. “It’s imperative that at least one of them build a hydrogen airplane or aviation is not going to hit its climate goals.”Universal Hydrogen is not alone in betting on hydrogen. ZeroAvia in the U.K. is developing its own regional fuel cell aircraft on an even more ambitious timeline, and Airbus in particular has been working on hydrogen aircraft concepts.Eremenko hopes that producing a simple and safe hydrogen logistics network will soon attract new entrants.“It’s like the Nespresso system. We have to make the first coffee maker or nobody cares about our capsule technology, but we don’t want to be in the coffee maker business. We want other people to build coffee with our capsules.”Universal Hydrogen will use the Series A funds to grow its current 12-person team to around 40 and accelerate its technology development."

Institutional Ownership increased from 788 to 812. Or is this old News?https://fintel.io/so/us/plug

Welcome to Tuesdays opening of AI's trying to manipulate the markets. This is a trend that has been going on for a few years now. Pick your days, Mondays and Wednesdays for a couple of weeks, then it switches to Tuesdays and Thursdays for a couple of weeks. Don't be fooled by these moves. Hold on to you shares unless there really is bad news. Stay long.

Due to the huge amount of global news about hydrogen now occurring, the hydrogen sector and PLUG are now in an uptrend. Very soon, however, PLUG will also get a further boost from PP’s own merits. The entrance of PP into the locomotive sector, hydrogen/fuel cells for aircraft becoming more viable with PP, involved, the completion of the gigafactory in only about two months, the entrance into the data center backup power next month, the resolution of the accounting issue soon, ongoing JVs and partnerships, etc.Like a dam bursting, this influx of news into PP’s press releases in the near and mid-term future enhances my belief that PLUG won’t be held back much longer and that all these things and other news will propel PLUG to a much higher price as the year goes by.

That is the smell of inevitability or burning shorts. 😂 Something must’ve leaked out - hoping it’s immaterial changes to the financials. Remember, PLUG is now back at the level it was just before the 2 huge partnerships that were announced earlier this year and on top of that they now have 5B in CASH! It’s only a matter of time before we’re back in 30s, then 40s, then 50s, then 60s and then in 70s to challenge 52 week highs. I still believe this is a $100 stock by EOY.

Mark Monroe at Microsoft states that they will be conducting a 3 mw test later this year. Could this be the data center project involving PLUG?https://www.datacenterdynamics.com/en/analysis/hydrogen-fuel-cells-data-centers-diesel-backup-electrical-systems-microsoft/

Liz Young on the CNBC Half Time report said that renewable energy investments are for the longest of long term investors.I would have like to have heard her defend this position.  Maybe one day they will spend more than 15 seconds on renewables.

Podcast with COO of Universal H2. Plug discussed at length.https://www.aerospacetestinginternational.com/podcasts/jason-chua-co-founder-and-chief-operating-officer-universal-hydrogen.html

Great article on the restatement and lac of material impact. Very balanced and honest, no spin.https://seekingalpha.com/article/4417455-reason-wall-street-is-blanking-plugs-accounting-problems?fbclid=IwAR3ih140Tbmyf7jsT19IYoNnxL1AJ16pMLXXnXTYUPvIGAJ-wH3mPibtYZw"PLUG uses complex accounting methods that reflect its operations' complexity, including sale/leasebacks, valuation of ROUs, and financing leases. Still, none of these hurt the core investing thesis of PLUG, which depends on growth to achieve the economics of scale necessary for improving its margins. I acknowledge that the reclassification of some R&D expenses as COGS will have a negligible impact on gross margins. Still, investors can't ignore that the company is moving in the right direction, as demonstrated by the number of units sold increasing in 2020, despite the challenging environment."

There's an interview with FiveT CEO out today on the cnbc website. Very interesting discussion about the hydrogen transition. Plug is biggest contributor in fiveT. Link gets deleted.

I feel like Plug Power release 10-K tomorrow. Because PP usually release announcement on Tuesday and its one week before PP earning call.So, Conference Call Participants gather all the info and ask a question regarding 10-k during Earning Call next week.

On the road in 2021. For sale in 2022.https://www.autoexpress.co.uk/renault/master/354577/2021-renault-master-ze-hydrogen-coming-soon

