Paul is suggesting that for the share price to move upside the eps in Q1 should be $0.20, that is a grotesque number, obviously.  $0.08 would be enough but I doubt it is possible although the shrinking share pool of less than $4.1 B shares is definitely helpful.  Their profit has to be about $330 M to get to $0.08 eps.  I feel that $0.07 eps is much more likely.Of course, none of us has an insight into the company business.  The new CFO started super aggressively with the Pandora write off of near $1 B.  There may have been some backlash that he may or may not heed to in this Q and going forward.   Still, my 17 years of experience with the business and decent knowledge of its affairs along with a near culmination point of the 80% liberty ownership and being so close to some sort of resolution make me feel more optimistic about the effect of Q1 results on the share price.  The results have to be strong with revenue exceeding $2.1 B, and, desirably, close to $2.2 B to make the share price move up (I know this is a tall order to match the previous best Q4 ever.  But no one believed that such Q4 was possible either.  I did).  I believe that odds are better than 50% that this may happen although my optimism has led me down more than once:)

June 1  Falcon 9 • SXM 8Launch time: 0425 GMT (12:25 a.m. EDT)Launch site: SLC-40, Cape Canaveral, FloridaA SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket will launch the SXM 8 satellite for SiriusXM. The satellite will replenish SiriusXM’s fleet providing satellite radio programming to consumers across North America. SXM 8 was built by Maxar Technologies, and features a large unfurlable S-band reflector to broadcast radio signals to users on the ground.

Meanwhile - in upside-down fantasy land..."LOSS-MAKING Spotify will continue to put growth ahead of profit for ?next few years? "Since it launched 12 years ago, Spotify has never posted an annual net profit.   In fact, the company?s cumulative annual net LOSSES in the past decade add up to #$%$2.62 billion ? or around $2,800,000,000.

Why do some top investment firms hold this stock if there are shenanigans going on?

And if the results and guidance are reasonably good first thing tomorrow, there will be the usual headfake pre-market trades in the $6.40's to get all the newbies (and even some veterans) all excited about how it's "time for blast off", and SIRI will Open up by a nickel, make another futile "test" of $6.43, and then fade lower the rest of the day.It's just like Lucy holding the football for Charlie Brown for some people - quarter after quarter.

Does anyone here honestly believe that earnings will cause any meaningful positive price movement? Nothing else has and I expect no different come Wednesday morning under the share price suppression program. We can hope......but certainly know what to expect.

So, under the SiriusXM share price suppression program, we can know that when we’re in the hours leading up to the quarterly call or experiencing a super rare increase in share price, we might expect “some news.” “News” that is so necessary to get out immediately, but “99% invisible” ...pun intended...in details. The Pandora acquisition moved the needle......SOUTH. The XMSR acquisition years ago DID NOT move the needle. The stitcher acquisition had NO positive effect and the acquisition today had NO positive effect. Make no mistake, the high paid executives of the multi billion dollar company KNOW that these announcements have zero to a negative effect on share price. Proved it again today. Now let’s see what detrimental information they can include Wednesday A.M. I can certainly guarantee this, the SiriusXM share price suppression program did not end today. I’m nearly positive that there’s more to come by the end of the call. There’s a very strong possibility that they simply will not let the call end on a positive note. Not in their DNA, nor is it a part of the SiriusXM share price suppression program. SiriusXM, Liberty, Malone, ......we’re “on” to you in a bad way.

Look, it ALREADY hit $6.42 this morning and of course got immediately knocked back down with pre-planned, price-suppressing short/selling.  All of the other topics being discussed on here, including earnings speculation, are essentially wasted typing until the root cause of the $6.40 Monster is eliminated or controlled.

tomorrow is the one of four days of the year that Hooper Stevens actually works, even if its only reading a few lines off a script.. were rooting for you Hooper

Now we know why siriusxm slowed down the buybacks.  Another acquisition.  This time it is podcast 99% Invisible owned by Roman Mars.  The podcast will be integrated into the Stitcher.  They keep building their revenue stream from podcasting.

If they keep this up, one day they’ll make an earnings call, but no one will answer, customers either. There is such a thing as integrity and they had better obtain some in their position as a publicly traded company!

A few thoughts on the annual report.  Average pay for the top 6 officers 9.4M in 2020 on page 53.   They are not hurting for money.  Pandora is underperforming by a small margin.  This is no surprise.  I think most of us thought this acquisition would be a mistake.  I do think Pandora could be a slight positive if managed properly,  but look at Spotify, still struggling to make a profit.  As of March 31st 2021 Liberty owns 77%.  This will anger some of you but Whitney is right about not receiving a premium for our shares.  You can read it yourself last paragraph on page 29 of the report.  We might get lucky and receive some premium but maybe not.  My hope is that Liberty will enable us to invest into whatever Siri becomes at the same price he pays.  We should know this year what our option will be.  I received 3 thumbs down on a ZKIN post. High risk for sure but I have made 20% in a week trading this stock. I used to trade a lot until I retired 10 years ago.  Siri has been so frustrating of late that I decided to trade so I could make a return.   Don’t get me wrong I’m sticking with Siri at least until I know what Liberty is going to do with it.  It has a good chance of being a profitable long term investment.  That said I don’t know how much time we have left because Jesus is coming.   I know only a few of you are ready for that event.  Maybe next time I will talk to you about my secure retirement.  That’s found in 1 Peter chapter one.

Before the call tomorrow morning, we MUST remember that negativity is the life blood 🩸 of the SiriusXM share price suppression program. Objectively listen for the self serving bias and injustice in their “spin.” Watch the share price languish or decline within hours of any temporary pop. Watch things remain quite the same at the same time that we should be easily headed through $8.

1.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2023On or about June 1, 2018, Pandora Media, Inc. (the “Company”) and certain holders of the Company’s 1.75% senior convertible notes due 2020 (the “2020 Notes”), completed the exchange, in a private placement exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), of an aggregate of approximately $192.9 million principal amount of the 2020 Notes for an equal principal amount of a new series of 1.75% senior convertible notes due 2023 (the “2023 Notes”).

Duke: Premarket ActionSomeone just bought 500,000 shares of SIRI. Wonder who that could have been?Here is a hint. Today is the last day for SIRI to buy shares and have them included in the count to be released on 4/28-- which also explains the move yesterday that sparked the highest volume in the stock in the last month.

im pretty sure im done after tomorrow.. 12 years is enough

It's real, it's obvious, it's happening constantly in broad daylight:Whitney 15 minutes agoThe $6.40 wall is caused by the exchange rate of the Pandora convertible bonds due in 2023. At the time of the SIRI merger with P, they became SIRI bonds with an exchange rate just above $6.40--$6.43 rounded off. Therefore, when SIRI hits $6.40 the convertible bond holders short and then cover on the pull back. Hence the $6.40 wall.

With five days til earnings call, it’s about time for a downgrade or something to offset any good news, right? Wouldn’t doubt it. There will be something between now and the end of the call to downplay the stock.

Fresh from the Liberty "letter to shareholders""SiriusXM was the most operationally unscathed by COVID, but wasn’t rewarded by the stock market—a head scratcher to us.""We expect to reach 80% ownership of SiriusXM this year, at which point all dividends we receive will be tax-free. This has the potential tobe a material source of cash flow in the future; the discount to NAV at Liberty SiriusXM is a logical and high yielding use of that cash. Asa Liberty SiriusXM shareholder, the combined effect of SiriusXM’s repurchases in tandem with our repurchases at the Liberty level hassubstantially grown the indirect SIRI ownership attributable to each LSXM share over the years. The value equation here is compelling, albeitrequiring a degree of patience."

A little background on Mars podcast.My spidy sense tells me this that wasn't more than a $50M purchase. Still though ... it sounds as much an effort as a shoe company buying up all the shoestring companies.***************Based in Oakland, Mars launched 99% Invisible in 2010, an independently produced ? and Kickstarter supported ? radio show and podcast that exposes the unseen and overlooked aspects of design, architecture and activity that shapes the world. 99% Invisible has been downloaded more than 500 million times, and Mars has been named one of Fast Company's "100 Most Creative People." Over the years Mars and his team have branched out beyond the flagship 99% Invisible, launching the successful Articles of Interest, According to Need, What Trump Can Teach Us About Con Law and Judas and the Black Messiah podcasts, while also releasing a New York Times bestselling book, The 99% Invisible City: A Field Guide to the Hidden World of Everyday Design. "In our tenth year of being an independent production, I began looking to evolve the show in new and exciting ways. While we explored a number of potential homes for 99% Invisible, I want to be with the company that launches new projects, and Stitcher provided us a unique opportunity to focus on the art of creating, developing and producing content we know our listeners will love, while freeing me of constantly thinking about the business of podcasting," Mars said. "Moving forward, the entire 99% Invisible team will have the resources and support to pursue the stories we want to tell to an even larger universe of listeners. We could not be more excited to be joining the Stitcher family at SiriusXM."The 99% Invisible podcast will be available broadly and across SiriusXM's multiple audio streaming services, including the Stitcher, Pandora, and SiriusXM apps. 99% Invisible joins other iconic, acclaimed and original podcasts whose home is SiriusXM, Stitcher and Pandora, including such popular shows and series as Office Ladies, Comedy Gold Minds with Kevin Hart, Conan O'Brien Needs a Friend, #$%$ with Marc Maron, LeVar Burton Reads and podcasts from Marvel Entertainment, and prestigious documentary and narrative projects such as Heaven's Gate, Unfinished, The Dream, Sporkful and Hidden Brain. "We want to be home to the most creative producers working in podcasting today, so we couldn't be more excited to welcome Roman and his team to Stitcher and SiriusXM," said Megan Liberman, head of talk and podcast programming for SiriusXM and Stitcher. "SiriusXM built itself into North America's leader in audio entertainment by attracting world-class talent. Bringing Roman and his team here is a natural extension of these efforts, and they will serve as a pillar as we continue building the most attractive home for podcast and audio creators."Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP served as legal counsel to Sirius XM. AGM Securities, an affiliate of United Talent Agency, advised Roman Mars/99% Invisible, while Sklar Kirsh served as legal counsel.About SiriusXM

