Citi upgrades ViacomCBS to Buy on digital pivot, valuation - Citi analystJason Bazinet upgraded ViacomCBS to Buy from Neutral with a price target of$56, down from $92. The company will likely have up to $4.6B of capital toaccelerate its digital pivot and "there may be scope" for it to exceed theStreet's streaming net addition estimates, Bazinet tells investors in aresearch note. Further, the stock's valuation multiple "is not demanding" atcurrent share levels, adds the analyst. Bazinet notes that ViacomCBS istargeting more than $7B of digital revenue by 2024 while he expects nearly$9B.

Citi analyst Jason Bazinet upgraded ViacomCBS to buy with a price target of $56.00.  Cocky has been saying all along that ViacomCBS will be in the upper 40's after earnings and in the 60's by the end of the year.  Cocky has also been buying Palantir, Draft Kings and Carnival over the last few weeks.  Cocky is long AAPL. VIAC, SNAP, PLTR, DKNG, FB and CCL.

VIAC is the only bargain I can find in the S&P 500.  There is a reason the big mutual funds are loading up!

"Goldman Sachs picks its top video streaming stocks — and says one is particularly cheap"Anyone have access to this?  CNBC Pro membership required.

Don't give away presents to short guys ,do not sell at this prices .It is mater of time and patient.Let them pay for it and big.Like they did in GME .

Holding Strong....We could see $45 this week

It's all about DISCA earnings tomorrow feels like

OK, someone tell me, what happened to John?

UBS said Tuesday it had exited all exposure to Archegos and any related losses in the second quarter would be “immaterial” for the bank.

Eventually, we will hit $100.00 again. Stick around.

Could a short squeeze take VIAC to $60.00?

Awesome moves by VIAC these last few days.  Can't wait to see 50... 60... 70...

eTrade technical pattern showing inverse head and shoulders, targeting $47+ in short term. Short interest dropped from 100mm to 61mm shares but that’s still 10.7% of the float....could see rapid breakout

Advertising is doing extremely well, I expect VIAC to beat top and bottom!

Lock up all your shares with 100$ limit sell orders.....WE won't let them borrow OUR shares!!!

https://www.cordcuttersnews.com/pluto-will-add-20-new-channels-and-20000-hours-of-content-in-a-new-spanish-language-category/

Nomura is out, CS is out, and now UBS is out of the way!!! 45 will be today!!!  Congrats to those who HLOD!!!

Well that’s a first ... two greens in a row .... I’ll take it

All the paper hands getting out after a few percent gain are allowing shorts to cover at cheap prices compared to where they shorted from in the 70s-80s. If we had more diamond hands this would be back at 50 at least. Earnings should easily take us back above 50 and shorts understand the risk they're dealing with here that's why the smart shorts are covering now before the runup.

51-55 after er

