Another 52 week high.  We should expect those from time to time as we climb to $50 and then $60.  The $.10 dividend for Q2-21 was announced as anticipated.  A $.20->.30 dividend is coming in 2H-21.  Expect a large amount of shares to be repurchased in Q3-21, with better efficiency ratios through YE-21.  As for the lifting of the Asset Cap, that will happen when it happens.  If you want to speculate - early Q1-22.I remain patient and bullish on WFC, the best is yet to come.

I sold BAC and loved the appreciation I got (finally, I might add!) and pivoted to WFC.  This is a great financial asset which has been very poorly run; it is indeed changing their culture and operational metrics.  I'm in the group who feels this stock has a very long and positive runway ahead.

I never sold my WFC shares. I didn’t add either, which I regret, but this should be a lesson to everyone how the banks bounced back.

This was a no-brainer at $22. The sanctions we all know would not last forever. If wfc started failing, either the government steps in or it would have be bought out by another bank at a premium. Either way, there was nowhere else to go but up.

He's back...$0.10 per share, payable June 1, 2021🙋‍♂️

Wells Fargo isn't the greatest bank, but boy is it saving my portfolio 😊

Deutsche Bank is the latest to lift its target on Wells Fargo’s (ticker: WFC) stock following a flood of increases on the day the bank posted results. Analysts at Deutsche Bank see Wells Fargo shares hitting $60 a piece over the next 12 months, up from previous projections of $45. The average price target of analysts surveyed by FactSet is $47.35, roughly 6% higher than recent trading levels

Might be a dividend announcement tomorrow? The last announcement was three months ago on Jan 27, payable Feb 5. So tomorrow is probably three months to the day.

Looking forward to dividend announcement. WFC$ has lots of cash on hand.

Barrons “Wells Fargo is a must own stock”.

Assuming the Q2-21 dividend is left at $.10, forward guidance for the remainder of 2021 and into 2022 will be announced at the Annual Meeting today.  Anticiate good news, only the level of increase is in question.

Just curious.  Unless you are short or own puts why would anyone without any skin in the game, bother to repetitively post negative views regarding WFC  on this...or any other site?If you've been short, bummer.If you've been long puts, bummer.If you are neither of these then it seems  like you might want to find a new 'hobby?'I for one am long. The daily cup with handle formation has brought us to what could be a profit taking plateau.However long term investors who think the economy will roll on for at least a few years should take a look at the weekly charts.A move to 60 by 2022-2023 could be very interesting. The potential for a second successful cup with handle formation could get us to $100 in 2024-25.I'm in.

Just read a Morningstar report saying Wells Fargo can repurchase up to 20% of outstanding shares within just the next 2 years.  I'm long WFC from the mid-$20's with a target of $60 within the next year or two.  Good luck WFC longs!

I am cashing out this week. Look at MSFT SP movement people are selling taking profit! $msft, $nio, $tsla, $aapl, $jnj, $sbux, $lulu, $bac, $pltr, $nkla, $dis , $goog, $gs, $wfc

Let the stock buybacks begin with vigor in early Q3.  The Q3 & Q4 earnings reports on an EPS basis will be ones for the ages, as the share numbers fall, efficiency ratio steadily improves and management executes against the turn-around plans already in place.  When the asset cap is lifted (not if, but when), a 8-10% pop will be the result.  Be sure to be there Longs when the day arrives.  The market will have a short memory as WFC's dissapointing past drifts into history.  The market values performance and Charlie and team will deliver..........bank on it.

Analyst Actions: Citigroup Adjusts Wells Fargo's Price Target to $50 From $37, Maintains Neutral Rating

Looks like heading to $50

Finally hit 100% on my WFC buy from Nov 2020. Good luck everyone, still holding long.

Fed currently limits the large banks to share repurchases & dividends totaling Ave. quarterly earnings (trailing 4Q's).With today's earnings that average is $0.36/share.  Subtract out the 0.10 dividend and they can buyback $1B this quarter.  At the end of June, the shackles come off and a fully restored prior dividend is a reasonable expectation.

$50 soon !

