Lisa Su — President and Chief Executive OfficerThank you, Ruth, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. 2020 marked an inflection point in our long-term journey as we made significant progress establishing AMD as the high-performance computing leader. We significantly accelerated our business and exceeded our aggressive growth goals for the year while navigating industry-wide challenges caused by COVID-19. We built substantial momentum throughout the year as we successfully ramped volume production of more than 20 7-nanometer PC, gaming and data center products.Annual revenue grew 45% setting a new record at $9.76 billion. We also expanded gross margin for the fifth straight year and more than doubled net income from the prior year. While the PC market grew approximately 13% in 2020 to surpass more than 300 million units for the first time since 2014, our annual client processor revenue grew by more than 50% as AMD Ryzen processor adoption increased. We delivered record client annual processor revenue as we gained significant share in 2020.Adoption of EPYC processors across cloud, enterprise and HPC customers also accelerated significantly in 2020. We set a new all-time record for annual server processor revenue. Server processor sales more than doubled year-over-year and our overall data center sales are now a high-teens percentage of our total annual revenue. Looking at the fourth quarter, we ended the year very strong. Revenue grew 53% year-over-year to a record $3.24 billion while net income increased 66%.Turning to our Computing and Graphics segment. Fourth quarter revenue increased 18% year-over-year to $1.96 billion. Desktop CPU revenue grew by a strong double-digit percentage year-over-year and sequentially driven by strong demand for our Ryzen processor family in both OEM systems and the channel. Sell-through of our new Ryzen 5000 processors featuring our Zen 3 core was particularly strong, more than doubling the launch quarter sales of any prior generation Ryzen desktop processor.In mobile, CPU shipments increased by a double-digit percentage, both sequentially and year-over-year. We set records for both quarterly and annual mobile processor unit shipments as Ryzen 4000 notebook shipments continued to ramp in support of the 100 notebook design wins launched in 2020.At CES earlier this month, we launched our Ryzen 5000 mobile processors for ultrathin gaming and commercial notebooks. These new mobile processors featuring our Zen 3 processor core extend our performance and battery life leadership delivering up to 23% higher performance compared to our previous generation and 17.5 hours of battery life. We are on track to increase the number of notebook designs powered by our new Ryzen 5000 processors by 50% compared to our prior generation, positioning us well for further growth in 2021.In Graphics, revenue declined year-over-year and increased sequentially. Desktop GPU sales increased significantly from the prior quarter, driven by the ramp of our new Radeon 6000 Series GPUs, featuring our RDNA 2 architecture that deliver up to twice the performance and 65% more performance per watt than our prior generation. We are seeing very strong demand for our new GPUs. The Radeon 6000 Series are our fastest-selling high-end GPUs ever with launch quarter shipments three times larger than any prior AMD gaming GPU priced above $549. We continue to ramp production to meet the strong demand and are on track to expand our Radeon 6000 GPU portfolio in the first half of the year with the new RDNA 2 based desktop and mobile GPUs.Data center GPU revenue decreased year-over-year, but increased sequentially including initial shipments of our AMD Instinct MI100 accelerator. MI100 features our new CDNA data center GPU architecture and is the industry’s fastest HPC accelerator for scientific research and the first data center GPU to break the 10 teraflops barrier.We are making strong progress on our data center GPU hardware roadmap and expanding our software ecosystem in preparation for the launch of the first exascale supercomputer in the United States. The all-AMD powered Frontier system plan to go online later this year at Oak Ridge National Laboratory.Now turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment. Revenue of $1.28 billion increased 176% year-over-year, driven by strong growth in both semi-custom and server processor sales. Semi-custom sales increased year-over-year and sequentially based on strong demand for the next generation Sony and Microsoft consoles. Our semi-custom SoC sales are ramping faster than the last console cycle. And we expect sales to be better than typical seasonality in the first half of this year based on the current strong demand.

Massive Guide UpThe investment thesis on AMD for a long time has been the company taking market share from Intel allowing the chip company to constantly boost revenues and margins. AMD is growing revenues at least 50% this year while Intel revenue estimates are for a greater than 5% decline.As part of the earnings release, AMD guided up 2021 revenues to 50% growth, up from 37% growth. The company reported 2020 revenues of $9.76 billion and the new 2021 target is $14.64 billion. Analyst estimates were nearly $1.0 billion lower. AMD will now capture over $5.0 billion in market share this year alone.

Now we know the truth!  Chip shortage or excessive demand?The biggest AMD number for the quarter was an inventory balance that jumped to $1.65 billion from $1.40 billion on December 26. People shouted Chip shortage,  chip shortage, yet AMD had a blowout quarter and still added over $250 million to inventories for the upcoming period!Conclusive proof it is high demand and AMD is accelerating delivery !

AMD also believes that momentum in data center will continue. Executives added more than $1 billion to their annual revenue guidance, and said sales in the current quarter would grow by more than 85%. One analyst, Vivek Arya with BankofAmerica Securities, asked where AMD gets that confidence, opening Su up for a dig at Intel.“Could you give us some sense of what has changed in the last three months, because your competitor was recently talking about cloud digestion, and you’re raising guidance by $1.3 billion,” Arya asked.“I think we saw actually strong signals in the first quarter that it would be a strong data-center year for us,” Su said. “The supply chain has been tight overall for the semiconductor industry, and we’ve been working very closely with our supply-chain partners and so we also have good visibility to additional supply as we go throughout the year.”https://www.marketwatch.com/story/intels-data-center-customers-may-be-digesting-but-amds-buffet-is-wide-open-11619572311

AMD stock pops after earnings blowout: data center sales double, full-year sales forecast raisedhttps://seekingalpha.com/news/3686508-amd-stock-pops-after-earnings-blowout-data-sales-double-full-year-sales-forecast-raised?mail_subject=amd-amd-stock-pops-after-earnings-blowout-data-sales-double-full-year-sales-forecast-raised&utm_campaign=rta-stock-news&utm_content=link-3&utm_medium=email&utm_source=seeking_alpha

More from article.Maybe the biggest number for the quarter was an inventory balance that jumped to $1.65 billion from $1.40 billion on December 26. A big concern for the company was chip shortage, yet AMD had a blowout quarter and still added over $250 million to inventories for the upcoming period.

A good trader earn significant addition to the Board.If you want investment ideas from real knowledgeable traders, and investors check them out on telegram @ Kathlynmoorefx1

“ Chipmaker AMD Smashes First-Quarter Estimates, Raises Forecasts”https://www.investors.com/news/technology/amd-stock-news-chipmaker-smashes-q1-sales-earnings-estimates/

AMD stock pops after earnings blowout: data center sales double, full-year sales forecast raisedApr. 27, 2021 4:39 PM ETAdvanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD)By: Brandy Betz, SA News EditorAdvanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD) shares are surging 3.7% after hours on upside Q1 results and a raised full-year revenue growth forecast.Overall revenue was up 93% on the year to $3.45B, $270M ahead of estimates. EPS was $0.52, eight cents above consensus.Computing and Graphics revenue was up 46% Y/Y and 7% Q/Q to $2.1B, above the $1.91B consensus. Client processor ASPs were up on the year and quarter due to a higher mix of Ryzen desktop and notebook processor sales. GPU ASP was up on both periods due to high-end Radeon products.Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom sales were up 286% Y/Y and 5% Q/Q to $1.35B, above the $1.28B consensus. The Y/Y growth was due to higher semi-custom sales from the game console refresh and strong EPYC sales. The sequential increase was EPYC-driven, partially offset by lower semi-custom sales.Gross margin was flat on the year at 46% but up 1% sequentially, driven by the higher mix of Ryzen, Radeon, and EPYC processor sales.“Our business continued to accelerate in the first quarter driven by the best product portfolio in our history, strong execution and robust market demand,” says CEO Dr. Lisa Su. “We had outstanding year-over-year revenue growth across all of our businesses and data center revenue more than doubled. Our increased full-year guidance highlights the strong growth we expect across our business based on increasing adoption of our high-performance computing products and expanding customer relationships.”For Q2, AMD guides for revenue of $3.6B plus or minus $100M (consensus: $3.26B) and non-GAAP gross margin of 47%.Looking at the year, AMD now expects revenue growth of 50% on the year driven by growth across all segments, up from the prior forecast of 37% annual growth.

HeadlinesAMD Stock News: Chipmaker Smashes Q1 Sales, Earnings EstimatesAMD stock jumps as Q1 results crush expectations, forecast goes much higherAdvanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Tops Q1 EPS by 8c, Offers GuidanceAdvanced Micro Devices EPS beats by $0.08, beats on revenue; guides Q2 above estimatesAMD stock rises after earnings show data-center sales more than doublingAMD Gives Bullish Forecast, Raises 2021 Revenue OutlookAMD stock pops after earnings blowout: data sales double, full-year sales forecast raised

Q: Q1 guidance to strong revenue but not higher margins.  Why not higher margins.Lisa: We are guiding up margins for Q2, but rest of year is too early to guide higher now.  Will report later when we have more visibility on supply chain.

Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD) reported quarterly earnings of $0.52 per share which beat the analyst consensus estimate of $0.44 by 18.18 percent. This is a 188.89 percent increase over earnings of $0.18 per share from the same period last year. The company reported quarterly sales of $3.44 billion which beat the analyst consensus estimate of $3.21 billion by 7.32 percent. This is a 92.89 percent increase over sales of $1.79 billion the same period last year.

intel said data center customer are digesting - pausing sales, while AMD data center revenue will be up by 80% this current Q and has no issue of customers digesting. Data center revenue is a high profit margin. GL long.

everyone who kept shorting this stock and saying buy Intel, what are your thoughts on AMDs Q1? It seems like Intel's got alot of work to do if they want to compete with AMD at this point.

Man, I have a bunch of risky stocks but I need to increase my exposure to this extraordinarily well run company. As long as Su is in charge I think AMD will continue to grow and innovate.

You know there is a reason that Microsoft and Google hit the ball out of the park Grand Slam Homerun on Datacenter Revenue!  Answer is AMD Epyc!  AMD is headed for much higher ground, and its innovating over Intel.  And it will continue for years to come...  Its all about 1. AMD Superior Products  2. AMD Executive staff, specifically Lisa Su and Mark Papermaster 3. AMD financials keep getting better and better, very consistent and conservative (its all about Lisa Su). Keep it up AMD!  Keep impressing, innovating, and companies will buy!  Shown by the continually proven success stories...

Guidance!!!! "For the full year 2021, AMD now expects revenue growth of approximately 50 percent over 2020 driven by growth in all businesses, up from prior guidance of approximately 37 percent annual growth."

Lisa says Rome ramping and Milan is even better.  Cloud weighted in Q1. Expect strong acceptance on enterprise side.

Analysts are expecting about $3.2B in sales, 46% gross margin, $950M in operating expenses and $0.44 EPS. What I don't get is how that squares with TSMC's statement that Q1 HPC revenue was up 15% sequentially. Unless they were charging 15% more for the same wafers, that should mean more product shipped than in Q4. So how does that not translate to an increase in revenue for AMD also?Morgan Stanley is saying that they probably prioritized data center and gaming console chips during the quarter. Sounds right. Since Q4 production was already high on consoles, I'm guessing that most of the incremental production went to the high-margin data center products. Also fits with Intel's miss on data center last week. That could translate into an extra $200M to $300M in high margin sales compared to Q4.So if we play it out... $3.5B in sales, 47% gross margins, and keep OC at $950M... that gives an EPS of $0.58, which is 32% higher than the street is expecting.Q2 looks even better. I seem to recall that AMD promised a 20% increase in CPU/GPU availability in Q2. We are already seeing that with stock and sales numbers on Amazon and Mindfactory. Perhaps some of that will be due to lower seasonal sales of consoles. So if we assume only a 10% increase in revenue but also an increase in gross margin, we get $3.85B in sales, 48% gross margin, $1.0B in OC... that gives an EPS of $0.71 for Q2. That means EPS in the first half will equal the EPS for all of 2020. Supposedly there will be additional fab capacity in the second half, so I don't see how those numbers go down later in the year. EPS of $3.00 is not out of the question, then, for this year. Upgrades will surely begin to flow if this scenario plays out.

During Q4 earnings call Doctor Su said manufacturing constraints would be addressed in 2H2021.  Shortly after the call Apple forfeited 30,000 wafer starts per month of 5nm process because their inexpensive iPhone did not sell. At the same time Pat Gelsinger, CEO of Intel, threatened to expand into TSMC's fab business and take customers.  Logically TSMC quickly allocated more manufacturing to AMD. The timing would be early Q1.  The time from a wafer start to availability in the channel is ~2 months.  The increased production should have become available this month.  In fact supply constraints for high end Ryzen have ended the past week. However good Q1 results the Q2, Q3, Q4 results should be greater blowouts.  Marketing is the only limit now.  How fast can IT managers get a clue?   Doh!  Bottom line is longs should hold another year. Earnings today are only a taste of  the coming feast of plenty.

