Open Interest in the 100k for July exp; $4 strike with no volume traded on the run up yesterday! Can this stock hit 4-5$??

$QCOM earnings tmw. Last time QCOM CEO made a comment that lifted $GSAT to $2.

With this volume, people are selling straight into shorts hands.  Hold your shares, make some real money.

Make ur sell limit to 30$+ ....... save ir shares from shorties............

I was positive that this stock was manipulated big time to shake the weak hands of retail investors. I didn’t sell a share and will not until it hits $5 ! There are recent positive news about the company so it should be trading higher than simply the $1 range. Hope all are enjoying the excitement here 🤩

Any chance this stops dropping today and actually turns around for some profit?

fml i bought at the opening @1.52 omg i am scared HALP !

Wow, the boards are becoming just ads for small investment websites/etc...

Got in at +20% today.Usually would never buy in that high but after doing research, I realized I’m still in at a undervalued price

I’ve been following the CEPT/ECC approval process in the EU. Today, the status of their technical approval finally changed from pending to finalized. This probably means that an EU Decision on band 53 is near. http://eccwp.cept.org/WI_Detail.aspx?wiid=749

After recent news I have complete confidence this will go back to $3.00 closer to earnings release date. Good entry point right now to double your money.

Should I take a chance and buy a thousand shares !! I'm tired of losing....I need a winner.

Just a question.  Does anyone see a scenario whereby Globalstar is part of the infrastructure bill? Free 5G wifi to the underserved...  Is that even possible?

Was there any news coming out today? I have shares of GSAT, but haven't follow to much this company...

Sold half my shares to lock in some profits at the close and AHs... happy with how today turned out. What a difference a few days make!!!

This is steadily going up until September. Hopefully a better earnings report and a big partnership will bring this to 5-10$

Hey! +2,94% is good, but +29,94% is better!

Our TechnologyGlobalstar’s state-of-the-art technology connects people every day through reliable satellite communications over an exceptionally clear and secure satellite network. Globalstar satellites provide reliability and operability worldwide connecting users in areas where traditional networks are unreliable or unavailable. Its' satellite product portfolio equips the field with voice and data services, Commercial IoT and SPOT Business tracking and messaging products that serve a multitude of companies, workers and outdoor enthusiasts in remote business and pleasure applications. Satellite Solutions improve communications and productivity by enablling the highest standard of lifesaving technology in the simple push of a button. Our two-way duplex, one-way Commercial IoT and SPOT products transmit more than 1.8 billion messages a year, tracking and monitoring assets, connecting IoT devices, and saving lives in over 100 countries and six continents. There have been nearly 7,500 rescues initiated worldwide thanks to SPOT and our lifesaving technology.

2$+ today

Just bought a bunch....GSAT is in the right track toward big industry..low orbital satellites ....the future is here.

