“Our business continued to accelerate in the first quarter driven by the best product portfolio in our history, strong execution and robust market demand,” said Dr. Lisa Su, AMD president and CEO. “We had outstanding year-over-year revenue growth across all of our businesses and data center revenue more than doubled. Our increased full-year guidance highlights the strong growth we expect across our business based on increasing adoption of our high-performance computing products and expanding customer relationships.”

PRIMARILY DRIVEN BY ...  The quarter-over-quarter increase is expected to be primarily driven by growth in data center and gaming. AMD expects non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 47 percent in the second quarter of 2021.$INTC  indigestion and  Pat's constipation ?

"AMD data center revenue more than doubled" -- gee, I wonder who it took that revenue from?

Holding 4000 shares @ $13 from 2017... Have seen load of BS from $INTC and paid Analysts. $AMD always delivers. I dont care what anyone has to say..

$AMD doubles datacenter revenue.$INTC : "dIgEsTiOn"Sorry Intel fanboys, but a new CEO trying to pump the share price with lies and sugarcoating won't save your portfolio.

I own both Intel and AMD; Intel has 15 X the earnings of AMD.What are the elite analysts doing all day?Intel is significantly under valued.

""INTC Blows Up on Friday 4-23-2021 But May Stage Rebound7:25 am ET April 26, 2021 (Benzinga) Print""Breaking news on "" Shares of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) were hit hard on Friday, falling more than 5%. This was the result of an earnings report that some investors thought was negative and they aggressively sold their shares.However, there’s a good chance the stock stages a rebound from here. Not only is it oversold, but it has also reached a level that previously provided support.Oversold means that the stock has reached an extreme below its recent average trading range.See Also: 5 Intel Stock Analysts On Chipmaker's Q1 Results, Foundry Strategy, InvestmentsThe red line on the chart below is two standard deviations below the recent 20-day average price. Statistics and probabilities theory state that all trading should be within two standard deviations of the average.Intel has exceeded this important threshold to the downside. This will get the attraction of computerized trading systems that are based on statistics. They will be expecting a reversion to the mean so they will be buying.Support is a level where there is more demand for a stock than there is supply. When stocks sell off and reach support levels, they typically rebound. This is what happened with Intel in early March.Intel is both oversold and at support, so there’s a good chance the stock rebounds.""

so many AMD cheerleaders here. INTC's mobileye has more revenue than AMD's DC.Just think about that.

it will be a strong data center year for AMD ...   $INTC

AMD Q2 outlook increase driven primarily Data Center ....  $INTC

Intel is the only U.S company to make leading edge chips. AMD has to beg TSMC for their chips.Would you buy a beggar or an independant company.

Intel is top 10 holdings for qqq and all other retirement indexes, shorties think this will drop drastically? Just wait till tomorrow Fed’s announcement and Thursday GDP! This will bounce over $63

AMD combines Datacenter and console sales. The doubling number could be related to console sales.

Here's an article asking a question we all know now to answer :"AMD Ryzen 9 5900X is dominating CPU sales on Amazon – should Intel be worried?"We've seen Intel's ER results with PCs growth and datacenters decline.  Now AMAZON, not just German retailers,  showing AMD's leading sales! REMEMBER shortages as AMD's sold out everything they'd made! Yet, AMD leading means, 1. TSMC's added 80% capacity kicked in,  more chips available,  2. If Intel's PCs results still had higher PCs revenues and AMD's is leading over Intel's sales on giant Intel's sales revenues,  imagine the ER numbers to soon be shown by AMD! That with datacenters revenues will be even more amplified as datacenters had huge growth,  they are professionals buyers, and Intel's datacenters revenues declined big time! Net - answer is Intel is beyond woried. $intc is moving to a NEW BUSINESS to become a fab manufacturer for others designs! Intel has too many problems,  war on many fronts is a sure defeat.  Their chips design and their fabs cannot both simultaneously be fixed. So without saying,  they gave up on chips design leadership,  and hope to fix fabs using the US Gov $50B planned grants to make IS based fabs PLUS GETTING HELP FROM IBM AS RECENTLY WAS REVEALED! Yrs, this article raw data on Amazon’s sales with AMD leading is very clear. Intel knows for years now thry are losing,  remember BK CEO sad departure just before that saying they are losing 25-30% market share to AMD? Now it is going to be all the market as Intel exits chips design and trying focus on pure fabs. Yes transition will take 3-5 years cannot fo that at once but looks like Intel's done worrying they are hopeless to just worry.Read:https://www.techradar.com/news/amd-ryzen-9-5900x-is-dominating-cpu-sales-on-amazon-should-intel-be-worried

Analysts know that people have short memories. They prefer to be trendy. The trend is to pump and pump the overhyped AMD.I have no reason to doubt Gelsinger's words when he says that Datacenter demand will be back for more of Intel.Here is another thing that he said that I was waiting for:"Since its announcement, the industry response to Intel Foundry Services have already been incredible. We are engaged with well over 50 potential customers today. We are seeing excitement from some of the top technology giants in the world across industry verticals ranging from automotive to high-performance compute and cloud service providers."The market will view Intel as a FAB first and a chip design house second. Hopefully, this will have a significant positive effect on Intel's stock price.

RIP Intel. This is from the AMD earnings today: “We had outstanding year-over-year revenue growth across all of our businesses and data center revenue more than doubled. Our increased full-year guidance highlights the strong growth we expect across our business based on increasing adoption of our high-performance computing products and expanding customer relationships.”

A doubling of Datacenter sales at AMD could be noting to Intel. This is because the actual number is not known. AMD does not provide that number alone. It is combined with console sales. If a doubling at AMD is off of a low number, then it could be that what Gelsinger said is also true. The datacenter sales decline can be attributed to a digestion phase.

All these AMD "gamers" holding their 100 shares are up to $300 tonight....congratulations.  Hopefully AMD DC revenue can keep up with INTC Mobileye business.

AMD revenue growth will up to  $12B per quarter without Xylinx 3 years from now with the CAGR of 50%. (i think it is conservative because more customers will want the AMD chips over last years INTC  model, leading to higher CAGR)I e.  $3.445 ×(1.50)^3 =$11.6Badd the Xylinx and you can see why $INTC is having indigestion.This is in a backdrop of Apple and others making their own chips that were from INTC.

I have 6 call options @ break even 59.90 I am down 40% should I hold or close it. Expire may 14. I need advice please.

