BREAKING: China reportedly to boost new energy vehicle battery swap mode through pilotPhate ZhangApril 27, 2021BREAKING: China reportedly to boost new energy vehicle battery swap mode through pilot-CnEVPost(Source: CnEVPost)New energy vehicle companies, including NIO, using the battery swap model have received new policy support.China's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and the National Energy Administration recently decided to jointly organize a pilot project on the application of battery swap mode for new energy vehicles, with the aim of implementing the New Energy Vehicle Industry Development Plan (2021-2035), the Shanghai Securities News reported on Tuesday.The move will promote the innovative application of battery swap mode for new energy vehicles, promote the development of deep integration of new energy vehicles and energy, and support the achievement of carbon peak and carbon-neutral goals, the report said. The pilot is to strengthen key technology research and development, accelerate battery swap infrastructure construction, promote battery swap mode vehicle application as the goal, the formation of new energy vehicle charging battery swap mode complementary benign development ecology, the report said, citing a document.At present, NIO is the only car company that supports battery swap mode for general consumers, and other such models are mainly for the cab market.

Fridays numbers are already in view 400 sales gain Analysts will be wanting to know ET7 pre orders, chip outlook and factory construction info This news we believe will propel NIO to Jan highs and the $62 range for summer

The Nio normal: Chinese electric carmaker seeks to plug buyers into lifestyle appREUTERS 3:31 AM ET 4/27/2021 By Yilei Sun and Tony MunroeSHANGHAI (Reuters) - In Shanghai, aerospace executive Lu Hao didn't just buy a sleek electric SUV from Nio, China's answer to Tesla. He bought Nio's whole vision of a future where social media, e-commerce and the daily commute converge in one lifestyle app.In the morning, the 31-year-old eats cereal bought from the automaker's Nio Life online store while chatting on its app with other Nio owners. He wears Nio gear for the drive to and from work, and in the evenings relaxes at home with a glass of Nio wine and more chat with Nio owners about how to get the best out of their cars."Buying Nio stuff has been a part of my daily life," said Lu, "the prices are good and it is a habit to wear Nio clothes to events." Over the past two years he has spent over 220,000 yuan ($34,000) on Nio Life products, on top of the 470,000 yuan he forked out to buy his ES8 SUV to replace a Ford Mondeo gasoline sedan. Automakers around the world have long sought to tap into brand loyalties with goods like branded t-shirts or caps. But Shanghai-based Nio's ambitions are much grander: a startup now valued at $70 billion according to its New York stock listing, it operates its own digital currency with tradeable credits that clients can gain from buying a car, attending events or even simply posting their stories on the Nio app."Communities tend to lean towards loyalty ... that's exactly what Nio is tapping into," said Tu Le, analyst at China-based research firm Sino Auto Insights, referring to an app that Nio executives say now has around 150,000 daily users."If Nio can continue to build the community, launch great products, and not have any major quality spills they are well-positioned to be a major player in China."However, Le cautioned, "Nio still hasn't figured out to convert more of the Nio community that haven't purchased a Nio vehicle into Nio (car) buyers, which is concerning."THE NIO LIFEBacked by Chinese tech giant Tencent Holdings Ltd as well as global investors betting on an electric car boom in the world's biggest auto market, Nio's huge market value - just above that of Germany's BMW - provides a stark contrast with thus-far tiny sales.It sold just under 44,000 cars last year in China, a fraction of BMW's 2 million-plus global sales, and remained firmly in the red though it narrowed net losses significantly to $860 million.Shanghai's Lu might be among the more enthusiastic Nio owners, but he is far from alone. More than 80% of Nio customers participate in online or real-life Nio community activities, using Nio credits, apps and showrooms, according to executives who said Nio has sold over 3 million Nio Life products so far."Deep and close contacts with customers help us adjust to the changes of auto industry more quickly," Nio's co-founder and president Qin Lihong told Reuters in a recent interview. Qin said Nio will build a user community in foreign markets when it does branch out overseas - Europe being a likely market at some stage - but will adjust to local environments.The same community message has been picked up by others.Geely, China's biggest private automaker, launched a new electric Zeekr brand with a similar strategy of city centre showrooms and lifestyle product lines. Meanwhile BMW, which has a long-time lifestyle product line, launched its car-owner app in China in last September.Nio designed its app, which make its credits different from hotel's points or airline's miles, in such a way as to try to attract customers to interact more with the company, Nio's user relations executive Calvin Shen said. "Buying a car is a less frequent activity than taking a flight or shopping at supermarket, so we need to create more everyday activities to keep customers in touch," Shen said.Buyers like Shanghai's Lu are on board with that, using some of his Nio credits to secure tickets for this year's edition of company's annual 'Nio Day' celebration. The Chengdu event, livestreamed on the app, saw the unveiling of the company's first sedan, the ET7 - now set to join Lu's collection of Nio goods.($1 = 6.4879 Chinese yuan renminbi)(Reporting by Yilei Sun and Tony Munroe; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)(c) Copyright Thomson Reuters 2021. Click For Restrictions - https://agency.reuters.com/en/copyright.html

BIG NEWShttps://cnevpost.com/2021/04/27/breaking-china-reportedly-to-boost-new-energy-vehicle-battery-swap-mode-through-pilot/

Nio’s update for the company’s March and first-quarter 2021 vehicle deliveries was nothing less than spectacular.It’s not every day that you’ll encounter percentages like these. We’ll start with the month of March, in which Nio delivered a total of 7,257 vehicles. That’s a fresh monthly record for the company, and it represents eye-popping 373% year-over-year growth.When we step back and analyze the full first quarter, the picture becomes even brighter. Nio delivered 20,060 vehicles during those three months, marking a new quarterly record for the company and signifying a 423% year-over-year improvement.Plenty Of RoomAs of March 31, 2021, Nio delivered 95,701 ES8, ES6 and EC6 model vehicles in total. That’s pretty impressive for a niche-market startup.Bear in mind, plenty of investors are snapping up shares of electric vehicle companies that haven’t actually delivered any vehicles to the public yet, such as Canoo (GOEV).What’s great about Nio is that the company’s vehicles are already on the roads.

JPMorgan fund picks NIO, Xpeng to prosper with Tesla even as Chinese EV makers may take years to become profitableTesla’s stock performance means investors should focus on production expertise, market share when investing in unprofitable Chinese EV start-upsUS-listed NIO, Xpeng saw a surge in EV deliveries in the fourth quarter while losses narrowed sharply from a year earlierKnowledge |  China's electric vehicle industryZhang ShidongZhang Shidong in Shanghai+ FOLLOWPublished: 8:30pm, 26 Apr, 2021Why you can trust SCMP9PostA Tesla electric vehicle (EV) speeding across a street in Shanghai on March 9, 2021. Photo: ReutersA Tesla electric vehicle (EV) speeding across a street in Shanghai on March 9, 2021. Photo: ReutersA Tesla electric vehicle (EV) speeding across a street in Shanghai on March 9, 2021. Photo: ReutersChinese electric-vehicle (EV) start-ups NIO Inc and Xpeng are best placed to rival industry leader Tesla for global market share because of their competitive technological advantages and strong shareholder support, according to JPMorgan Asset Management. Never mind that they may take years to earn their first dollars.“They have three key competitive advantages, [namely] significant production expertise, strong software integration skills such as Advanced Driver Assistance System, and strong backing,” said Oliver Cox, Hong Kong-based money manager at JPMorgan Asset Management. He cited Tencent Holdings and Meituan as their powerful financial backers.The two US-listed EV start-ups are setting the pace in the mainland China market, which is set to dominate the global EV industry in the coming years amid a bullish outlook painted by auto analysts. Under the “Made in China 2025” industrial plan, 20 per cent of new cars will be new-energy vehicles (NEVs), which encompasses pure electric, plug-in hybrid and fuel cell cars.The view should come as a warning for Tesla, which has stumbled on several regulatory hiccups and a quality backlash. The Shanghai Auto Show also suggests Chinese EV makers are gunning for its scalp, with Geely Auto unveiling its Zeeker 001 model, and Volkwagen its ID.6 along with a slew of mini EVs.Competition for market share is heating up as more than 500 players have entered the fray with the industry on the cusp of a major growth spurt, including new entrants like smartphone maker Xiaomi Corp. China recorded a 12 per cent jump in NEV sales to 1.17 million units in 2020 and sales almost doubled last quarter. UBS forecasts electric car sales will reach 6.6 million in 2025 and 18 million by 2030.Cox co-manages the US$1.22 billion Pacific Technology Fund, which has risen 89.4 per cent over the past year, according to Bloomberg data. The fund added NIO and Xpeng some time between September 2020 and February this year, according to reports to fund holders, amounting to a combined 2.9 per cent of its net assets.NEWKNOWLEDGEWho's leading China's electric car market?Get the full pictureShares of Beijing-based NIO and Guangzhou-based Xpeng have risen by 1,168 per cent and 122 per cent respectively over the past 12 months. The MSCI World Automobile Index, which tracks 20 of the world major players with US$1.17 trillion of capitalisation, advanced 137 per cent.

Nio’s Upcoming Earnings Report May Lead to a Much Higher Price    4/26/2021 4:10pm EDT    By Mark R. Hake, CFANio (NYSE:NIO) will release its first quarter sales and earnings on Thursday, April 29, after having pre-released on April 1 the delivery numbers for the quarter. As a result, Nio stock could move higher, especially if the company updates its outlook for the rest of the year. My assessment is that Nio is worth $73.34, or 72% higher than this morning’s price of $42.58.

Investorplace sez NIO worth $73.34https://investorplace.com/2021/04/nio-stock-is-worth-73-34-or-72-more-based-on-estimated-sales-through-2022/?fbclid=IwAR1VSEE1aZ2JIyAN5QxrYftuv_0wVqx3xL08nP6LMgbWOOPmDv0ZYbzWHX8

NIO could rocket into the $80'sWorldwide investors are viewing NIO as the Tesla profits they missed

If the stock is going to high to quickly in a very short time than the chance to bounce back down harder is something which the long term investor wouldn’t prefer..: rather have each day 0,5 to 0,75-% than 3 to 4. Have a great day💪🏽 to all longs👍.

https://cnevpost.com/2021/04/27/breaking-china-reportedly-to-boost-new-energy-vehicle-battery-swap-mode-through-pilot/

NIO's motor making arm establishes new firm in Anhui with $100 million in registered capitalPhate ZhangApril 27, 2021NIO's motor making arm establishes new firm in Anhui with $100 million in registered capital-CnEVPost(Source: XPT)NIO's motor manufacturing business, XPT, has recently established a new company in Anhui Province, where NIO China is headquartered, with a registered capital of $100 million.The company is called XPT Holdings (Anhui) Co., Ltd, according to data provider Tianyancha. Its legal representative is Zeng Shuxiang, who is also the CEO of XPT, headquartered in Nanjing, Jiangsu Province.XPT Anhui's business scope includes technical services and manufacturing of automotive parts and accessories. The company is wholly owned by XPT Limited and William Li, the founder of NIO, is the company's chairman. NIO's motor making arm establishes new firm in Anhui with $100 million in registered capital-CnEVPostFounded in 2016, XPT offers an integrated EDS electric drive system with high-performance motors, gearboxes, and motor controllers.The motors in NIO vehicles are developed and manufactured by XPT.Notably, NIO President Qin Lihong said that people should not simply understand XPT as a factory of NIO, but it is actually an independent company.NIO wants XPT to be able to supply externally and be strong like Delphi, Qin said in an interview with Chinese media last year, adding that many great companies first started out as internal parts suppliers for OEMs, and NIO wants XPT to have an independent path of development.Qin said XPT was first a 100 percent owned subsidiary of NIO and brought in strategic investors from outside in 2018, who have a stake of more than 20%.

Folks, if you’re truly long and meet the income requirements, I highly suggest adding to a Roth IRA as well as a brokerage account. I keep seeing individuals saying “If you invested in Microsoft or Amazon at IPO, etc... it would be worth X today” Well, if you believe, like I do, that Nio will dominate, throw shares into a Roth to enjoy tax free gains come that 59.5 year old requirement. 10, 20, and 30 years will come in 10, 20, and 30 years time regardless of what you do. Might as well set yourself up for success.

https://news.wallstreetlab.io/2021/04/27/suddenly-nio-hot-commodity-again/

good news for NIO from latest tesla ER: tesla auto delivery up 100% YOY but service centers up 28% and mobile service fleet up 22% so many costumers frustrated on long wait for repairs. on the other hand, NIO speeds up NIO houses and charging station expansion. the end game is clear. NIO will take over EV high-end segment and tesla goes to entry level because it can't compete on quality and service, quantity is the only only game for Elon. good luck with that and hope it will still can find buyers when Austin and Berlin factories online before year end. on battery front, tesla will "probably " produce some in 12-18 months.

How many longs on here?  What’s your average and when do you plan on selling? I started buying back in the $3 days.  Current average $7.58.  My target to BEGIN selling is $200.  Long term vision will make us wealthy 💎🤲🏼💎🤲🏼💎🤲🏼

I'd rather have the odd red day with a slight pullback than it shoot up and drop like last time. It's currently consolidating a new support level (around the $41.40 mark before the next push up. No one is going to want to miss out on this earning call. Nio is too unpredictable, everyone might be expecting a sell the news sell off on Friday but can you afford to give up your shares when it takes off? Just hold through regardless.

FOR ME as an investor,  the most important thing is how the NIO cars quality stacks up against the TESLA car.  If it is favorable then we should jump in and buy NIO.  Real quality counts,  Remember the Toyota story way back when.  Quality of product is the key here.

NIO's first second-gen battery swap station in Guangzhou goes live; delivery in Shanghai reaches 20,000 unitsPhate ZhangApril 27, 2021NIO's first second-gen battery swap station in Guangzhou goes live; delivery in Shanghai reaches 20,000 units-CnEVPostChinese electric vehicle company NIO's first second-generation battery swap station in Guangzhou went into operation on April 27, the first second-generation NIO battery swap station in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, and NIO's 204th battery swap station in the country.https://cnevpost.com/2021/04/27/nios-first-second-gen-battery-swap-station-in-guangzhou-goes-live-delivery-in-shanghai-reaches-20000-units/

Nio’s Upcoming Earnings Report May Lead to a Much Higher Price4/26/21 By Mark R. Hake, CFAhttps://www.google.com/amp/s/investorplace.com/2021/04/nio-stock-is-worth-73-34-or-72-more-based-on-estimated-sales-through-2022/amp/“Do you NOMI?”

