7. Nokia Corporation (NYSE: NOK)Number of hedge fund holders: 19Nokia Corporation (NYSE: NOK) is a Finland-based multinational telecommunications, information technology, and consumer electronics firm. Although the firm is famous for being a leading mobile manufacturing brand, it has branched out in the previous decade and now has significant stakes in the network infrastructure and cloud services business. Nokia is one of the few firms marketing 5G technology equipment to governments around the world. The firm was founded in 1865 and is seventh on our list of 10 best stocks for beginners with little money.On April 20, China’s leading telecom firm Chunghwa Telecom selected Nokia to expand 5G network coverage in China. The agreement mentions the deployment of the AirScale line from Nokia, including AirScale base stations and AirScale radio access products. Just a day before that announcement, Nokia also told the media that it would be expanding 5G network coverage in South Korea.Out of the hedge funds being tracked by Insider Monkey, Boston-based investment firm Arrowstreet Capital is a leading shareholder in the firm with 21.8 million shares worth more than $85 million.

Nokia Q1 2021 Earnings ProjectionTake what you want from this pre-earnings analysis from Zack's, but with all the recent success listed in the "Factors at Play" paragraph of this post, the most important one that will effect Q1 2021 results isn't even part of this list. That is T-Mobile's 5G Home Internet service launch which ships the Nokia FastMile 5G Fixed Wireless Access Router for connection. This service is surpassing T-Mobile's most optimistic forecasts and we will see the results in the Q1 numbers this week. Also, don't sleep on the Samsung Licensing agreement that Nokia finalized (this was a major miss by Ericsson). Zack's is forecasting $5.867B in revenue & .01 EPS for Q1. My forecast is $6.4B in revenue & .04 EPS in Q1.https://finance.yahoo.com/news/top-line-expansion-buoy-nokias-115411447.html

It’s really time to get out of the $4s onward to double digits. In a collaboration with the Nokia-driven #LuxTurrim5G ecosystem, we are connecting our autonomous vehicles and remote control center via LuxTurrim5G millimeter-wave 5G pilot test network in Espoo, Karamalmi. The remote control center enables remote operations of the vehicle, for example, remote overtaking if an obstacle is in the path of the autonomous vehicle. The improved data communications from gradually expanding 5G networks will reduce latency in-vehicle remote control. https://sensible4.fi/2020/12/02/three-features-that-5g-networks-will-enable-in-autonomous-driving/?utm_source=linkedin&utm_medium=display&utm_campaign=organic-042021&utm_content=260421

Nokia partnerships reminder that just happen recently AMAZON,GOOGLE,MICROSOFT,NASA 10$ here we come

$NOK Today's Seeking Alpha Article States That Nokia is Headed For A Profitable Turnaround in 2021:"Profit before tax has improved significantly for Nokia Corporation, further reduced by a non-recurring transaction of derecognition of deferred tax assets related in Finland, resulting in a Net.Seven new partnerships across the globe will contribute to the company's continued revenue growth.NOK showed signs of reversal in terms of quarterly revenue growth.Announced strategy rebalancing to increase profitability.After years of disappointing their investors, Nokia Corporation (NYSE:NOK) is positioned to resume its turnaround this year, 2021."

My prediction is NOK will be $15 in one year. ￼A snoozing giant. Been accumulating for more than a ear, average $2.99  I want my X5 (not the BMW 😁) profit and will get it. Next post in one year.

FANTASTIC PLATFORM, FANTASTIC PARTNER. Neil McRae, Managing Director and Chief Architect at UK's BT Global Services: After 700MHz license issued this morning and first 700MHz base station is up and running and 40 customers using it already! Don't have network envy get on EE! ...and using Nokia's fantastic platform. To give the details we got the license at 07:14 and we were live at 07:16 epic job in our Service Platforms team and our fantastic partner @nokia https://twitter.com/neilmcrae/status/1386952848076902403

IBM creates cloud platform for the telecoms industry to realize full potential. April, 25 IBM signs up Samsung and Nokia as ecosystem partnersIBM is launching an open hybrid cloud platform for the telecoms industry, claiming it will help operators modernise their infrastructure and unlock the full potential of 5G networks.5G will deliver superior consumer services but the real potential is in the business market. Ultrafast speeds, enhanced capacity and ultra-low latency will allow mobile networks to power mission-critical applications for the first time and allow for the creation of entirely new use cases.However, this requires operators to rearchitect networks away from centralised, legacy core infrastructure and towards the cloud. By virtualising network functions, operators can rollout new services more rapidly, dynamically allocate resources to where they are most needed, and bring processing capabilities closer to the point of collection.IBM cloud for telcosThis necessity has seen significant convergence between the telecoms and technologies industries in recent years as vendors from both spheres collaborate to create joint-offerings that mix and match various IT and network technologies.‘IBM for Telecommunications’ comprises a cloud platform and ecosystem of third-party vendors that promise to aid operators achieve this transition by allowing services to be built or deployed wherever they or their clients require – in the cloud, on-premise or at the edge.The scalability of IBM’s ensures operators can easily meet growing demand for data and voice, while powerful software layers simplify the management of infrastructure, enable automation, and reduce costs. Operators can maximise data assets and rapidly roll out new services that meet customer requirements and drive revenues.Beyond the core cloud platform, IBM has created an ecosystem of more than 35 partners, including major telecoms network manufacturers, software vendors, and hardware specialists. This includes Cisco, Dell, Intel, HPE, Nokia and Samsung.As part of the project, Nokia and IBM will create a fully-functioning cloud-based 5G network that will allow operators to quickly provision private 5G services for enterprises, while IBM will work with Samsung and Red Hat to create AI-based services for Industry 4.0 deployments.“We believe that our service provider customers will benefit greatly from having an additional choice to quickly and efficiently deploy private 5G networks,” said Jane Rygaard, Head of Edge Cloud, Nokia. “The transition to 5G will be a key step for industries to deliver on their digital transformation plans. Having multiple options of cloud-based solutions will help our industry build this path forward.” Rivals Microsoft and Google have both made significant investments in their telco capabilities both in terms of creating new services and through acquisitions.

Good to know... Arrowstreet Capital   Peter Rathjens, Bruce Clarke And John CampbellNumber of shares  21,801,553    increase of shares +1024%

Nokia has the largest market share among the 3 vendor based on the total number of 5G contracts. IMHO.

Turn around for NOK starts 2021 we should see even more deals and partnerships than we have right now 10$ by end of year

If you’re looking for a short and sweet guide to the day’s biggest news, I recommend (http://Fairstox.com). They breakdown the most important pre-market news and it only takes a few minutes to read.

Also every earnings report in 2020 beat the estimate each quarter, we should be in for a good day Thursday.

Verizon private 5G and NokiaWith Verizon, Nokia gains a telco partner with one of the largest enterprise divisions in the world. Last year, Verizon Business made about $31.4 billion in sales, roughly 24% of the company’s total, and many of its customers have a worldwide presence.I would not say that Nokia is out, even is US, just wait..=)Lots of private 5G networks all over planet, Associated British Ports, Air Force, NCCoE ect..

In Ericsson's report today, they called out their lack of growth in the Middle East & Africa as Nokia announces yet another customer success today in the UAE.Press ReleaseEtisalat and Nokia provide ultra-fast 5G broadband services in the UAE5G introduces unprecedented speeds and network capacity for consumer and business services, empowering a fully digitalized society5G networks retain Etisalat’s technology leadership in the region5G introduces early use cases such as enhanced mobile broadband while addressing Industry 4.0 digital transformation opportunities21 April 2021

A very very undervalued stock with big manipulation this should be at least 10$ big tech giants wouldn’t partner up with Nokia if they are doing some something bad so clearly they are doing something right, and for those who think Nokia is based of the phones it’s not it’s 5G

NOKIA WON THE ORCHESTRATION SOLUTION AWARD. We are delighted to announce that our Digital Operation Center won the Orchestration Solution Award 2nd year in a row – Most innovative Automated Service Orchestration solution category where we focused on the automation of 4G/5G Network Slicing. (FutureNet World Awards) https://twitter.com/nokianetworks/status/1384738681240494083 https://nokia.ly/3sIfdr2Digital Operations Center is the award-winning Nokia solution for a round-trip, closed-loop automated process to design, deploy and operate 5G network slices at scale across multi-vendor, multi-domain and multi-technology environments.- Enables services providers to tap into the sliced services market opportunity of 4.3 trillion dollars (KPMG, 2019) cost-efficiently at scale through close-loop automation.- Provides a fully automated platform to manage the full service lifecycle from design, deploy and assure closing the loop between traditionally separate fulfillment and assurance processes.- Helps service providers to adhere to Service Level Agreements (SLAs) as they expand to vertical industries and enable evolved network commerce and business models.

NOKIA ALREADY STRONGLY WORKING ON NEXT (6TH) GENERATION WIRELESS. Remove the XXX to get a functioning link: https://www.nokia.XXXcom/blog/nokia-brings-its-6XXXg-expertise-to-new-us-nextXXXg-initiative/

Lenovo's patent payment will rocket Nokia's EPS.

Paid bashers at large today. Buy and hold.

