Y'all watched this drop from $45 to $20 and you're complaining about -20 cents. Kids these days... I bought @ $9, $25, and $21. Avg of $20. Take notes, children. :-) 4338 strong!

PLTR 2021 so far, Source PLTR websitePalantir Technologies UK named as a Crown Commercial Service supplierPalantir and Ringier Extend Digital Transformation PartnershipPalantir Selected by the National Nuclear Security Administration for 5-year, $89.9M Contract for SAFER ProjectPalantir and Faurecia Embark on Long-Term Strategic PartnershipPalantir and 3M Expand Relationship to Build Dynamic Supply ChainPalantir and Akin Gump Collaborate on Legal Digital Service PlatformIBM and Palantir Partner to Help Businesses Easily Deploy Powerful and Open AI Applications; Unlock Valuable Data Across Hybrid Cloud EnvironmentsPalantir & bp Deepen Partnership, Accelerate Energy TransitionPalantir Technologies and Rio Tinto Sign Multi-Year Enterprise PartnershipPalantir Issues Additional Details Regarding its Inaugural Demo Day on January 26, 2021Lauren Friedman Stat Joins Palantir Board of DirectorsPalantir Providing Technology to Enhance Safety and Reliability of Electric Grid in CaliforniaPalantir Selected to Deliver Prototype for Army’s Ground Station ModernizationFujitsu Limited Signs $8 Million Contract as Palantir Foundry Customer and Becomes First Distributor of Foundry Modules in JapanPalantir Technologies Expands Japan Business with New $22.5 Million Contract

https://asiapacificdefencereporter.com/eos-space-systems-partners-with-palantir-australia-on-space-operations-exercise/

Earnings are May 11 before market open.

How long do we have to wait.....

tuesday before the market checks some good boxes.   1. not after hours.  2.  not on a friday after hours. 3.not after close day before 3 a day holiday.

Earnings Tuesday May 11th before the bell.  (per press release)

This company is incredible. Brilliant minds making brilliant products.

Love this stock!  We will be rewarded.

Yesterday + today's current price = 3% gain. That is what you want (slow, steady gains, a slight pullback, and nice bumps ONLY when HUGE deals are realized). The more people realize this is how PLTR is going to move long-term, the more stable the stock will be (and then we will ALL see larger and more consistentnt gains).

Palantir announces Q1 Earning will be released on Tuesday, May 11, 2021 before market open.

Palantir Technologies Inc. (NYSE: PLTR) announced today that results for its first quarter ended March 31, 2021 will be released on Tuesday, May 11, 2021, prior to the open of U.S. markets. The Company will host a conference call to discuss its results at 6:00 am MT / 8:00 AM ET.

Earnings being released two days earlier than expected! That is always a good sign, and before the bell early in the week. Takes a lot of confidence to do that! Good things coming!

Thoughts and prayers go out to all the people saying they are going to buy under $15, $10, $5, for the last 2 months.

Everything you need to know today:"Over a year into the pandemic, digital adoption curves aren’t slowing down. They’re accelerating, and it’s just the beginning,” said Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella.

I can still buy food this week, so I'm OK. haha

NEW WIN for Palantir on April 5th.  Coast Guard $11.3M

PLTR is a “millionaire maker,” only if you have the “coconuts” to continue to buy and hold long term!  Simple as that!

We might see 45 soon it’s building momentum

Tuesday May 11 it is, we got the two week notice. Mute will be in effect to all bashing propaganda.

