There’s only 150k shares left to short as per fintel. That means there’s a whole lot of shorts that are under water. You want to see a launch, hold and watch. It’s a simple process but too many impatient people, they win. They prey on the weak. That’s why they short. Stay strong and reap the benefits

We have some new people join us that work for hedge funds that are shorting this stock. Our first new employee is Gregory, second employee (also Gregory) is Mark. Both are being paid by these companies to influence.

In the last 4 trading days, the shorts have shorted 104.4 million shares and the share price has risen significantly during this time. The shorts are in a horrible position and their losses are mounting. It's only a matter of time until margin calls and significant short covering occur, driving the stock higher.

What's going on? I thought everyone said it's going to at least $25

Great interview. CEO mentioned earnings report will provide answers to all later in the week. Nailed it. Bought another 500 shares. Avg analyst ratings is BUY , PT $29. Easy money. GL

SKLZ CEO on CNBC Closing Bell today sometime after 3PM Eastern Time.

25 tomorrow minimum

Will be green at closing.

Skillz’ conversion rate, on the other hand, is excellent – and only improving. In 2020, player engagement reached new heights. The company boasted average MAUs monthly active users of 2.6 million, of which 324,000 were paying MAUs, representing a payer conversion ratio of 12.6%.If you want investment ideas from real knowledgeable traders, check them out at the https://dailytrading.tools/7jh9n4  platform

The next two weeks will be great for us. Paradise said...earnings will be good; many game developers are working on NFL games; back to recovery won't affect SKLZ much as it is mobile, not desktop; accounting was done by E&Y following others like Ubers, etc...anything I forgot?

The man, the CEO, said earnings next week will speak for themselves.  Stay tune!

SHORT SQUEEZE INCOMING

CEO looks very confident on closing bell show

Uh oh.... will we see $20 today????

$40 in may

Anyone else wondering if SKLZ could get back to $40 with the right squeeze?

The CEO said I think the earnings will show a different picture which means the earnings are going to be good things gonna fly

Once the announcement comes out for the winner of the NFL APP this stock will skyrocket to triple digits. Has everyone forgotten the multi year deal with the NFL?????????????

Pushhhh no way we sell here

500 shares at 15.79.  Wish I had more but can’t wait to ride this rocket.

