I'm clearly out of sync with the market's expectations of T.The quarter exceeded my expectations by A LOT and I thought we would push into the Mid 30s with that kind of news.   I was not expecting $40 or anything crazy, but EPS beat by 10%, Rev. beat, HBO Max subscriptions beat by a good bit and Mobile Post Paid additions was meaningfully above expectations.   Customer churn was low.  I think they beat every analyst expectation on every metrics.You can never classify them as "Guaranteed" customers going forward, but they all signed up for monthly Mobile or HBO Max contracts.   Money flowing in to T month after month going forward with all those additions.I thought we'd get a multi day 5-10% push higher then consolidate around $35 ish.......The Dividend is awesome, but wow this stock is hard to hold at times.  Even when the news is GOOD....Grrrrr

Cramer recommended T today on Mad Money, said he has changed his mind for the many reasons he mentioned, which pertained to T's great quarterly earnings. Finally, he sees the light. "You have my blessings to buy it, first time is 16 years," he said.

PT upgraded: * AT&T Inc      : Cowen and Company raises target price to $34 from $33     * AT&T Inc      : JP Morgan raises price target to $34 from $32     * AT&T Inc      : Raymond James raises target price to $33 from $32     * AT&T Inc      : UBS raises target price to $32 from $30

I do think Stankey will deliver a higher share price ...dividend is super sustainable if share price keeps going up.  Let’s get it to 33-35 range

It takes money to make money. Or as a poem I like says: You get more with money / Than with milk and honey.T will be huge in a few years. HBO MAX will rival Netflix, which is a 200 billion plus dollar company alone. T's debt is just part of business and means to making T great again, one of the biggest and most important companies in the U.S. Who knows, it might get put back into the DOW 30. But until then, I love the dollars T is making me. I love, love, love it.

Kramer tonight will be talking about dividend paying stocks and their benefit with higher taxes￼. I guess the stock should go up today if he talks about telephone he will have to do an about face

GOT prequel started filming!!!!! This will drive subs next year along with a list of other premium series

Good bet down at these prices.  for those who need to park some money for 7% ... I think they will raise dividend before year is out, so as to not lose Aristocrat Payer.. sp ...  ATT s problem for a long time has been its management, and now the most recent groomed lifetime accountant cheer leader turned CEO Randall Stephenson is gone (with millions$$).  John Stankey is taking over, hopefully he will learn from massive acquisition mistakes Randall the account made.  ATT's problem is mis-management of resources, so it can turn things around, they are in a good space, with all that is happening (5G, IoT, AI, self employment, working from home).  The massive debt can be managed, money is cheap, ....T is paying me $1000 month ... I will hold it for  now ... counting on John the Giant to be smarter that Randall.

On  Our  Way  ,  To  $32.00  ,  AT&T  ,  Has  Many  Great  Series  On  T V ,  And  They  Have  Great  Movies  ,  I  Am  Waiting  For  Their  Next  6  Movie  Releases  ,  Their  Purchase's  Of  Warner Bros. For  $120B.  Was  Their  Best  Investment ,  CEO  ,  Was  Right , Said  In  A  Few  Year's  ,  Warner Bros. Will  Pay  For  Itself ,  And He  Was  Right  ,  GLTA  ,

Now the trip back to $28 to reinvest my dividend payment......

This is a dividend player. Just collect. Eventually, we will get some appreciation. T is better than bonds.

I have held t for 10 years  and use all there  services .I hope all you stock holders  use them too. internet  cell TV  and buy there in store products. GO T.

I added a few more shares before the ER came out.  I'm glad I did.  The way I see it, T is headed higher and the dividend is solid, what's not to like.

This is why we have held ATT&T for many  years.  We are retired and get approx  close to 7% dividends four times a year.  This enables us to pay our house taxes, etc.  We have faith in this world company even during the down times that has gone on in the past.  Now more so things seem to be so unsettled.   No matter what you will get the dividends.   We have always liked playing things safe as we age.  This has been a wonderful stock for us middle class seniors.

Dragons are coming! HBO Max, 2022! Dragons are worth a Trillion dollars! T to 5X in 2022!

If it goes down after a major beat like this, then you know the game plan already for the next couple of years.Buy low close to ex div and then dump before ex div. and expect it to tank at ER right after. Rinse and Repeat. They are going to keep flogging the debt monkey until it is under the ground.

Good morning how is our #$%$ today? Down again, lol what did I expect.

Morningstar still finds T 'Attractive':AT&T Continues to Post Solid Customer Growth During Q1;Shares AttractiveAnalyst Note Michael Hodel, CFA, Director, 22 Apr 2021"AT&T’s push to add customers showed during the first quarter, with solid wireless, broadband, and HBOMax gains. The firm also increased network investment plans for the year, though it did so in a way(using vendor financing) that will cause reported capital spending to decline somewhat, allowingmanagement to maintain its $26 billion free cash flow target. AT&T stressed that it is trying to avoidoveremphasizing financial metrics to instead make prudent long-term investments. The increasedspending appears to be going into the wireless network to ensure that the firm takes full advantage ofthe C-band spectrum deployment, doing other work at the same time. Our fair value estimate remains$36, and we believe the stock is attractive. AT&T pulled in 2.1 million gross postpaid wireless phone customers during the quarter, up about 15%from a year ago and topping Verizon, likely for the first time in a decade. Customer defections alsodeclined sharply. As a result, AT&T added 595,000 net postpaid phone customers, also its best start to ayear in a decade. However, revenue per customer continues to decline amid aggressive promotionalefforts, down 2.8% year over year, which will likely prove the worst of the three major U.S. carriers.Total wireless service revenue increased 0.6% year over year, the best result since the start of thepandemic, and management still expects growth will accelerate through the year, implying stablepricing from here. In addition, wireless segment EBITDA increased slightly versus a year ago, despiteheavy customer additions and phone upgrades".

When is deadline for divy raise so they don’t lose status? I’m thinking they do a small raise to keep it, traditionally they did 1 cent

I just turned on CNBC in time to hear that Craig Moffett had downgraded Vz today. Cramer's sidekick, Stephanie link was on the show and said that she had sold VZ and bought T.Maybe Cramer will change his tune.👮🏻‍♂️🕶

