I missed my projection.  I expected $1.40 minimum.   Revenues came in on target.   PE has gone from 1100 to 240.   I was hoping for 1100 to forward pe of  90.   Everything else  is excellent and on course.   Revenues and earnings and margins improvements should bring forward PE to under 100 in the next few quarters.  Not bad for a company growing at more than 50% per year.   Keep in mind that TESLA has achieved this in a pandemic that collapsed the world economies and also keep in mind of how well TESLA has weather the chip shortages.

Operating losses were masked by $518 million in sales of regulatory credits and a $101 million gain on the sale of some 10% of the $1.5 billion in Bitcoin that it had bought for Treasury purposes

I have a great feeling we’re going to see some nice gains tomorrow. $TSLA posted $0.93 earnings per share when $0.79 were expected. Also sees 50% surge in deliveries this year. Let’s go $TSLA

Really a low margin business for TSLA. Only $430M net profit with $10.4B revenue. Volkswagen has 7B euro net profit of 60B euro revenue per quarter. TSLA profit margin will come under further pressure when new EV's are flooding the market.

PE exceeds 1000. though it’s a great Comp, don’t think Tesla could make meaningful profit in near future with growing competition. Even if Tesla delivers 10 times the current profit, won’t justify the current valuation. Wanted to get in but better to watch and wait

Tesla stock price target raised to $1,080 from $1,036 at Oppenheimer

Looking forward to tomorrow. If a stock doesn't rise on good news that means all longs have taken a position and they're is little buying power left.

Musk skimmed $299M from the $438M profits for a bonus for himself, per the BBC. This reduced the profits to an actual $139M.Tesla actually lost millions but received $518M from taxpayers via environmental credits, thus his bonus came from taxpayers. He's scamming taxpayers.

0.93 EPS for a 738 dollar stock and ppl still crying it doesnt go up

This week Tesla will reach $850+, great earnings

buy rating from Goldman with increased price target.

The pattern for Tesla earnings is always the same... shorts try to make a big deal out of nothing... Tesla reports great earnings... always opens down the next day with shorts trying desperately to push it down... which is promptly followed by several WEEKS of increases... 😂  Let’s go!

Why is it down after hours?  Here's why.  Excluding record ZEV credit sales of $518 M and $101M in Bitcoin sales, Tesla generated a Q1 operating loss of -$25M.  Underlying business net income (loss) -$181M.  Revenue declined 3.3% quarter over quarter.  Excluding regulatory credits, revenue declined 4.6% quarter over quarter.  This is not what you'd expect from a company with a $700 billion stock market valuation.

It's ironic that Tesla which is trying to stop global warming invests in bitcoin which is contributing to global warming because of all the mining.

I thought Cathie Wood has $3k price target.

Goldman Sachs analyst reiterates an overweight rating today on Tesla, and raises the price target to $860.

Bitcoin, too volatile and credits will be removed. Then what? ￼ sales boosted by sales of environmental credits as well as liquidation of some of the automaker’s bitcoin holdings.

Tesla Price Target Raised to $860.00/Share From $835.00 by Goldman Sachs

A good trader earn significant addition to the Board.If you want investment ideas from real knowledgeable traders, and investors check them out on telegram @ kathlynmoorefx1

Teslas move on Bitcoin is massive. They sold to prove liquidity to investors. They plan on keeping BTC as 'cash on hand' on their balance sheet. This is massive news. A lot of things in their favour i think https://prophet-invest.com/teslas-massive-gamble-on-bitcoin-earnings-surprise

